
A. DOST-ASTI Obligations

1. To provide technical assistance to the USJ-R SCS in developing machine learning models using
the ASTI-ALaM as the project’s platform and for the hosting of the developed models on an online
model store;

2. To provide training, workshops and seminars that would enable the students and faculty of
USJ-R SCS to develop their skills in machine learning, artificial intelligence and deep learning,
and other related technologies;

3. To share with USJ-R the research outputs and publications resulting from the project; and

4. To provide necessary intellectual property rights clearance for all intellectual properties
generated in the course of the project.

B. USJ-R Obligations

1. To provide technical assistance to DOST-ASTI in developing machine learning models using
the ASTI-ALaM as the project’s platform and for the hosting of the developed models on an online
model store;

2. To allow use of the facilities, resources and personnel of USJ-R SCS that would support the
project activities, subject to the conditions stipulated in this MOA and other relevant guidelines
and policies;

3. To provide necessary intellectual property rights clearance for all intellectual properties
generated in the course of the project; and

4. To ensure the protection and preservation of data privacy and security of the participants and
data subjects, subject to the conditions stipulated in this MOA and other relevant guidelines and
policies.

II. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AND DATA PRIVACY

The Parties recognize that the project involves research activities which may generate intellectual property (IP) in the form of inventions, discoveries, works of authorship,
and any other products or processes. The Parties agree to share equally the ownership and
benefits arising from any IP generated during the project, subject to the terms and conditions set
forth in this MOA.

Furthermore, both parties acknowledge their respective responsibilities under Republic Act
No. 10173 or the Data Privacy Act of 2012 (the “DPA”) and shall ensure that all data privacy laws
and policies are observed throughout the project duration. The Parties agree to take all necessary
measures to