
3. Provide to the student-trainees all necessary training tools and equipment as well as learning
materials which are used in the actual operations and management;

4. Provide USJ-R a quarterly report on the status of student-trainees under this agreement.

II. Ensure that the trainees shall be given a stipend equivalent to the amount being provided by the
government for TESDA programs during their training period in the company; and

III. Provide the students with an evaluation form, which will serve as basis of performance
assessment by the Industry Supervisor. The evaluation form shall be submitted to USJ-R at the end
of the training program;

B. USJ-R Shall:
I. Screen and select students to be recommended for on-the-job training under the CORPORATE
INTERSHIP PROGRAM of UniversalTech Inc.;
II. Require the said students to undergo pre-employment orientation seminar which will cover
work ethics, company policies and procedures, dress code and other related matters;
III. Secure clearance from USJ-R Registrar Office, Student Services and Finance Office before
the student can start the on-the-job training; and
IV. Provide UniversalTech Inc. a quarterly report on the status of their students under this
agreement.

C. Miscellaneous Provisions:
I. The parties agree that no modification, amendment or waiver of any provisions in this Memorandum
of Agreement shall be effective unless reduced into writing and signed by both parties;
II. This Memorandum of Agreement shall not create nor imply any right or interest of any third party
in favor or against either UniversalTech Inc. or USJ-R;
III. The term of this agreement shall be effective from the date first written above until further
notice by either party and may be extended for successive terms upon mutual agreement in writing;
IV. This Memorandum of Agreement is executed under seal, free and voluntarily entered into by both
parties with full power and authority to bind themselves and their respective successors and assigns;
V. In case of any controversy arising between the parties hereto, the dispute shall be resolved through
mutual agreement or through the courts of the Philippines;
VI. This