
d. Evaluate the performance of student-trainees and give feedback to the USJ-R; and

e. Ensure that the student-trainees complete their required training hours in accordance with
the conditions provided above.

B. USJ-R shall:
I. Coordinate with 17-22 IT SERVICES for the selection of students to be recommended for the said
program, and provide 17-22 IT SERVICES a list of student-trainees who meet the minimum academic and
co-curricular requirements prescribed by USJ-R.

II. Provide 17-22 IT SERVICES copies of the students' latest transcript of records, certifications of
academic standing and other pertinent documents required by 17-22 IT SERVICES;

III. Ensure that all student-trainees are duly informed of their rights and obligations under this
Agreement and obtain written acknowledgment thereof from them before they embark on the said program;

IV. Evaluate the performance of the student-trainees in terms of academic output, work ethics,
and attitude towards work, and provide feedback to 17-22 IT SERVICES through its Industry Supervisor;

V. Assist in arranging the schedules of the student-trainees with their respective instructors and
17-22 IT SERVICES supervisors to ensure that the training requirements of both parties are met; and

VI. Issue a Certificate of Completion to the student-trainees who successfully complete their
assigned tasks during their on-the-job training with 17-22 IT SERVICES, indicating the number of hours they
have completed and the nature of work they have performed.

C. This Agreement shall take effect immediately upon execution by both parties and shall remain in
full force and effect for a period of one (1) year from the date first written above, unless it is extended or
terminated earlier as provided herein.

D. Termination of this Agreement may be made by either party without cause upon 30 days written
notice to the other party. Termination shall not affect the rights and obligations of either party which have
accrued prior to such termination.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,