Dear Ms. Janeth M. Elano:

The University of San Jose-Recoletos is pleased to offer you an appointment as PART-TIME FACULTY for the First Semester of School Year 2023-2024, effective August 2023. For services satisfactorily rendered in this position, the university will give due compensation subject to the following conditions:

1. Part-time appointments are made on a semestral, conditional basis and are contingent upon very satisfactory performance based on the standards set by the university, budget, and class development within the college or department.
2. You agree to abide by all the policies, rules, and regulations of the University of San Jose-Recoletos.
3. You agree to commit, attend classes regularly, be punctual, and submit assignments, exams, and other requirements in a timely manner.
4. You possess a personality and character that reflects professionalism and respect for others.
5. You assure strict adherence to data privacy regulations and maintain the confidentiality of sensitive information by safeguarding all data and upholding data privacy standards to protect the confidentiality and integrity of both personal information and personal sensitive information.
6. You facilitate and assist in the implementation, monitoring, and documentation related to the University's Quality Management System (QMS) to ensure continuous improvement and promote excellence in processes and academic services.
7. Your rate of pay shall be at Php 202 for every unit-load-hour up to 12 unit-load hours.
8. As a part-time faculty member, you are guided by the articles on the Code of Ethics and Sanctions of the Faculty Manual in your dealings with your coworkers and other members of this institution. In addition, conduct prohibited by Catholic morals such as extramarital sexual affairs, sexual relations between unmarried persons, disgraceful and shameless public displays of intimacy, homosexual acts, etc., will constitute a ground for the termination of an employee's services and severance from the institution.
10. Your teaching load shall be specifically indicated in the formal assignment of the college as recommended pursuant to the requirements and established policies of the university. Aside from teaching, you shall participate in academic activities of the school which are enumerated in the Faculty Manual.