respectively;

3. The Parties shall jointly identify the Intellectual Property that may arise from the activities
undertaken by virtue of this Agreement, including but not limited to inventions, discoveries,
writings, and works of authorship;

4. Ownership over any Intellectual Property resulting from the activities undertaken by virtue
of this Agreement shall be governed by existing laws and rules on intellectual property rights
and other relevant policies and guidelines;

5. The Parties shall jointly determine how and to whom the benefits of any Intellectual Property
resulting from the activities undertaken by virtue of this Agreement may be extended, including
but not limited to licensing, commercialization, and other similar transactions; and

6. The Parties shall jointly establish a mechanism for sharing the financial benefits arising from
any commercialization or other transaction related to any Intellectual Property that may arise
from activities undertaken by virtue of this Agreement, in accordance with applicable laws
and policies.

ARTICLE III
REPORTING AND ACCOUNTABILITY

The LEAD HEI shall submit a quarterly progress report and financial statement to the CHED.
The format for these reports shall be determined by the CHED from time to time. The first
quarterly progress report and financial statement shall cover the period starting from the date
of this Agreement until the end of the first quarter of the project period. Subsequent quarterly
progress reports and financial statements shall cover each succeeding quarter.

ARTICLE IV
TERMINATION

The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of three (3) years from the date of signing, unless
terminated earlier upon any of the following grounds:

1. Mutual agreement;
2. Failure by the LEAD HEI to substantially perform its obligations under this Agreement; or
3. Termination of the Grant by the CHED.

In case of termination, all unpaid obligations shall remain due and payable.

ARTICLE V
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

1. The LEAD HEI shall maintain an insurance policy in favor of the CHED to cover any loss or
damage that may be caused by its negligence or fault while performing under this Agreement.
The cost of such insurance shall be for account of the LEAD HEI.
2