Corrected version:

University of San Jose-Recoletos
CORDOVA, Cebu City 6000, Philippines

PERMANENT APPOINTMENT
(Full-time College Faculty)
August 1, 2023

MR. VICENTE F. PATALITA II
School of Computer Studies
USJ-R, Cebu City

Dear Mr. Patalita:
The University of San Jose-Recoletos is pleased to offer you an appointment as PERMANENT FULL-TIME COLLEGE FACULTY effective August 2023. For services satisfactorily rendered in this position, the University agrees to give due compensation subject to the following conditions:
1. You agree to abide by all the policies, rules and regulations of the University of San Jose-Recoletos.
2. You ensure strict adherence to data privacy regulations and maintain the confidentiality of sensitive information by safeguarding the University's data and upholding data privacy standards to protect the confidentiality and integrity of both personal information and personal sensitive information.
3. You facilitate and assist in the implementation, monitoring, and documentation related to the University's Quality Management System (QMS) to ensure continuous improvement and to promote excellence in processes and academe services.
4. Your basic monthly salary shall be Twenty Four Thousand Pesos (Php 24,000.00) based on the 24 units load.
5. As a full-time faculty member, you are required to devote 40 hours a week in academic pursuits at the university which include teaching, research, student consultation and academic advising, personal academic development and professional growth and participation in university and community services. Your teaching load shall be specifically indicated in the formal assignment of the respective Dean and pursuant to the requirements and established policies of the university. Aside from teaching, you must participate in academic activities of the school which are enumerated in the Faculty Manual.
6. As a full-time faculty, be mindful of the articles on Code of Ethics and Sanctions of the Faculty Manual to guide you in your dealings with your colleagues and the rest of this institution's members. In addition, conduct prohibited by Catholic morals such as, but not limited to, extr