Correct version:

The University of San Jose-Recoletos is pleased to offer you an appointment as PART-TIME FACULTY MEMBER for the Second Semester of SY 2022-2023, effective January 1, 2023. For services satisfactorily rendered in this position, the university agrees to give due compensation subject to the following conditions:

1. Primary appointments are made on a semestral, conditional basis and are contingent upon evaluations based on the standards set by the university, budget, and class development within the college of department.

2. You agree to abide by all the policies, rules, and regulations of the University of San Jose-Recoletos.

3. You agree to comply with all administrative requirements such as attendance, punctuality, submission of grades, and other requirements.

4. You possess personality and character which reflect the university's mission statement.

5. You commit to perform your duties to the best of your knowledge and ability in accordance with the standards set by the school.

6. Your rate of pay shall be at Php 202.00 per unit load hour up to 12 pay units.

7. As a part-time faculty member, you are mindful of the Code of Ethics and Standards of the Faculty Manual. You will maintain proper relationships with your co-workers and the rest of this institution's members. In all things, conduct prohibited by Catholic morals such as, but not limited to, extramarital sexual affairs, cohabitation, and obscene acts, will constitute grounds for termination of an employee's services and separation from the school.

8. Your teaching load shall be specifically indicated in the formal assignment of the college as recommended by the department head and established policies of the university. Aside from teaching, you shall participate in academic activities of the school which are enumerated in the Faculty Manual.

9. You are to teach the course(s) and shall therefore not leave the college anytime before the semester ends on May 2023, otherwise, no employment certificate and clearance will be issued upon your exit.

10. This contract shall remain in force for the entire semester from January 1, 2023, to May 2023 and automatically ex