
3. Conduct a Performance Appraisal of the student-trainees, which shall be shared with the Program Director,
at the end of the training period; and

4. Provide USJ-R a list of its employees who are willing to act as Industry Supervisors under this Memorandum of
Agreement.

B. USJ-R Shall:

1. Identify qualified students from the College of Computer Studies, College of Engineering and other
related courses who may be recommended to DNI to undergo on-the-job training under the CORPORATE
INTERSHIP PROGRAM;

2. Screen, select and deploy the said student-trainees to the facilities of DNI;

3. Provide a Program Director who shall:
a. Monitor and evaluate the performance of the student trainees;
b. Maintain communication link with DNI on any matter pertaining to the training program, including
the status of the students, problems that may arise, and feedback on the performance of the
employees designated as Industry Supervisors;
c. Conduct a Performance Appraisal of the student-trainees at the end of the training period, and submit
a copy thereof to DNI;

4. Ensure that the student-trainees are covered by accident insurance while they are on duty in the facilities of
DNI;

5. Provide DNI with a list of students who have successfully completed the program, their respective grades,
and other relevant information as may be required by DNI; and

6. Conduct an orientation for the student-trainees prior to deployment to the DNI facilities.

C. In the event that any of the employee-trainers will not be able to complete the training period due to any reason, it
shall be the responsibility of USJ-R to immediately replace them with other qualified students.

D. The term of this Memorandum shall commence on 15 May 2014 and shall remain in effect for a period of one (1) year unless
otherwise modified or extended by mutual consent of the parties hereto.

E. This Memorandum may be amended, modified or terminated only by mutual agreement in writing between DNI and USJ-R.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF