
a. All technical or commercial information disclosed to USJ-R by WESERV and its representatives, including but not limited to know-how, trade secrets, research and development data, financial records, price lists, customer and supplier lists, business methods, contracts and other similar materials or documents received by USJ-R from WESERV or any of its
representatives under this Agreement, shall be held in strict confidence by USJ-R. USJ-R shall use such information only for the purpose of performing its obligations or exercising its rights under this Agreement. USJ-R shall not, without the prior written consent of WESERV, disclose, copy, reproduce or make any use of the said technical and/or commercial information other than for the purpose of performing its obligations or exercising its rights under this Agreement;

b. All records, documents and materials pertaining to or generated pursuant to this Agreement shall be(a)

Confidential Information:

USJ-R acknowledges and agrees that all Technical or Commercial Information disclosed by WESERV under this MOA is confidential information of WESERV (“Confidential Information”). USJ-R will hold the Confidential Information in strict confidence, not use it except as may be required to fulfill its obligations under this MOA and not disclose it to any third party without the prior written consent of WESERV. The term “Technical or Commercial Information” means nonpublic information which is either: (i) technical in nature, such as trade secrets, know-how, data, formulae, processes, computer software, technology, inventions, discoveries and other similar information; or (ii) commercial in nature, such as financial information, customer lists, pricing data, business methods and plans.

USJ-R agrees that it will not use the Confidential Information for any purpose other than to fulfill its obligations under this MOA. The restrictions contained in this section shall survive the termination or expiration of this MOA.

b) Insurance Policy:

WESERV shall procure and maintain an insurance policy to cover accidental injuries sustained by the student-trainees while performing their duties during the internship program. USJ-R will provide WESERV with a certificate of insurance evidencing such coverage.

c) Termination:

Either party may terminate this MOA