
2. The internship shall be for a period of six (6) months, to be implemented in two consecutive semesters, starting from the first semester of AY 2019-2020 at the campus of USJ-R and/or other sites as may be designated by both parties.
3. The internship program shall include but not limited to the following:
a. Exposee of students to relevant job experience in their field;
b. Opportunities for application of theoretical knowledge learned in school;
c. Assistance to the employer in terms of manpower;
d. Provide the student with an opportunity to assess his/her interest and ability for employment in his/her chosen field; and,
e. An evaluation by the University of the performance of students during their internship program.
4. The USJ-R shall provide necessary documentation such as the Learning Agreement, Memorandum of Agreement and other pertinent documents to be submitted to CHED for accreditation purposes.
5. Both parties agree that this MOA is subject to existing laws, rules and regulations including but not limited to those promulgated by Commission on Higher Education (CHEd), and all subsequent amendments or revisions thereof.
6. Any dispute arising out of or in connection with the internship program shall be resolved through mediation and/or arbitration in accordance with the rules of Philippine Dispute Resolution Center, Inc.
7. This MOA shall become effective upon execution by both parties and shall remain in force and effect for a period of five (5) years from its Effective Date, unless terminated by either party through written notice to the other party at least thirty (30) days prior to the intended termination.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, USJ-R hereby represented by its President, has executed this MOA on May 8, 2019.
Cebuano

MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT ©

An Jose Recoletos (USER), an educational and existing under a and by virtue of the laws of the Philippines with principal office address at Ma City herein represented by REV. FI R. CRISTOPHE, President, who is duly authorized to represent it in this transaction, hereby agrees to stipulate the following:

- For Information Technology and Information Systems students: