
The corrected version of the text is:

University of San Jose-Recoletos

Comer P. Lopez & Magallanes Streets, Cebu City 6000, Philippines

SERVICE CONTRACT
Part-time College Faculty Member

January 1, 2023

MR. NINO ANTHONY L. SOLDEVILLA
School of Computer Studies
USJ-R, Cebu City

Dear Mr. Soldevilla:

The University of San Jose-Recoletos is pleased to offer you an appointment as PART-TIME FACULTY MEMBER for the Semester of SY 2022-2023, effective January 1, 2023. For services satisfactorily rendered in this position, the university agrees to give due compensation subject to the following conditions:

1. Part-time appointments are made on a semester, conditional basis and are contingent upon very successful performance on the standards set by the university, budget and class development within the college or department.
2. You agree to abide by all policies, rules, and regulations of the University of San Jose-Recoletos.
3. You agree to comply with all administrative requirements such as class attendance, punctuality, deadlines for submission of grades and other requirements.
4. You possess personality and character which reflect the University's mission statement.
5. You commit to perform your duties to the best of your knowledge and ability in accordance with the standards set by the school.
6. Your rate of pay shall be at Php 202.00 per unit-hour up to 12 paid hours.
7. As a part-time faculty member, you should be mindful of the articles on Code of Ethics and Sanctions of the Faculty Manual to guide you in your dealings with your co-workers and other members of this institution. In addition, conduct prohibited by Catholic morals such as but not limited to, extramarital sexual affairs, sexual contacts between unmarried persons, disgraceful and shameless public displays of intimacy, indecent acts, etc., will constitute grounds for the termination of an employee's services and separation from the service.
8. Your teaching load shall be specifically indicated in the formal assignment of the