University of San Jose-Recoletos
Corer Lopez & Mpalanes Sets, Cebu hy, Pilppines 600

Schoo! ot Computer Studies

COLLEGE ACCEPTANCE AND RETENTION POLICY

sshmen and student transferees

1. Acceptance policy for

Acceptance for college enrollment of freshmen and student transferees is

felerenced from the SDPC (Student Development and Placement Center)

dolivered tertiary level entrance exam (IQ test) vis-a-vis the corresponding program.
off exam scores,

Bos 92
BsiT 20
BSIS 88
BSEMC 90
act 88

In cases where the student failed to pass the program cut-off exam scores, the
‘secondary grades (high school - form 198) are reviewed, and i found satistactory,
the student is then recommended for enrollment but on probation for 1 (one)
‘somester in that specific school year.

‘The probationary status is lifted when the student is able to perform satistactorly.

2. Retention policy for students

Al students are subject tothe following retention policies of the university which includes
‘summer term:

1. A freshmen student who incurs at least two (2) faling grades after histhor first
tenrollment in USJ-R will not yet be subject to deloading on his succeeding
‘enrollment considering that he/she may still be on a period of adjustment

2. Alter hisiner second enrollment, a student who incurs faling marks willbe subject
te deloading on his third (3°) semester of enrollment based on the folowing:
No. of Failures Datoading
(incurred inthe preceding semester)

‘+ Two (2 falling grades = one 3-unit course or 3-units deloading
‘+ Three (3) faling grades = two Sunt course or 6-unts deloading
‘+ Four (4 fling grades = three 3-unit course or 9-units deloading

3. A student who continues to incur fang marks after hisher third (3°) enrollment
‘shall be subject tothe following conditions during hisher fourth (4") enrollment:

No. of Failures Deloading
(incurred inthe preceding semester)

‘+ Two (2 falling grades = two S-unit course or 6-units deloading
‘+ Three (3) faling grades + three S-unit course or 9-units

‘+ More than three faling grades - The student willbe advised to take

another program after a caso
‘conference with the DeaniChairperson,
DPC, and SAO Directors, when
necessary.
