| University of San Jose-Recoletas

Comer P. Lopez & Magallanes Streets, Cebu City 6000, Philippines

SERVICE CONTRACT
Part-time Colloge Faculty Momber

‘August 1, 2023

MS. JANETH M. ELANO
School of Computer Studios
USJ-R, Coby City

Doar Ma, Elano:

he University of San Jono-Rocoletos is pleased to offer you an appointment as PART-TIME FACULTY for the First
Somostor of S¥ 2023-2024 offective August 2023. For services satisfactorily rendered in this positon, the university
991008 10 give due compensation subject to the following conditions:

1 Parttine appointments are made on a semestral, conditional basis and are contingent upon very satisfactory performance based
‘on the standards bat by the university, budget, and class development within the colege or department

2 You agree to abide by al the policies, rules, and regulations ofthe University of San Jose-Recoletos.

3 You agiee to comp
‘radon, class recor

‘ih al administative requirements such a8 cass atiendance, punctuality, deadines for submission of
‘and other requirements

4. You possess a personality and chara

5 Yaw eorrmna fo performing your duties to the best of your knowledge and abilty in accordance withthe standards set by the
schoo!

which reflect the University’s mission statement

© You jraure srict adhoronce 1 data privacy regulations and maintain the confgentalty of sensitive information by safeguarding
ia awersty« data and upholding data prvacy standards to protect the confidentiality and itegnty of Both personal information
‘and personal sensitive information

7, You facitate and assiat in the implementation, monitoring, and documentation related to the University’s Quality Management
System (QMS) to ensure continuous improvement and to promote excellence in processes and academic services.

5 Your rato of pay shall be at Php 202,00 per unit-load-hour up to 12 pay-unt-oads

8 As @ partime faculy, be mindful of the articles on the Code of Ethics and Sanctions of the Faculty Manual to guide you in
Your dealings with Your Co-workers and the rest ofthis institulion’s members. In addition,

Conduct prohibited by Catholic morals such as, but not limited to, extramarital sexual affairs, sexual relations

betwoen unmarried persons, disgraceful and shameless public display of intimacy, homosexual acts, etc. will
constitute a ground for the termination of an employee's services and his/her severance from the service.

10 Your teaching load shall be specificaly indicated in the formal assignment of the College as recommended pursuant to the
Fequiroments and established policies Of the university. Aside from teaching. you shall pariopate in academec actrvibes of the
School which are enumerated in the Facuty Manual

11 You ave to teach tho entire semester and shall therefore not leave the College any time before the semester ends in December
2023, othorwise, 00 employment certification and clearance willbe issued upon your ext

12 This contvact shail remain in force for tho entire semester from August 2023 to December 2023 and automaticaly expires at
the end of the semester without need of witen notice

13. In the event that you fal to abide by the terms of this contract and should you pre-terminate the same or resign trom your position

rior 10 the end of the contract, the university shall not issu te of employment in your favor and you shall be lable to

ay the university the amount of Php. 100,000 00, as indemnity for the losses, iquidated damages, and reimbursement for the

Training costs and expenses incured by the university. Reimbursement should be made within five (5) days from tendering of

OF failure fo report for work. This shall be without prejudice to any legal action that the school may take to protect is

rosignat
‘ight

14 This contract may be modified, revised, oF supplemented to reflect effective changes in employment, ie, reciassification,
romotons, pay adjustment, ete

18 Upon atfiaing your e herein you manifest that you have read, understood, and shai aithfully comply with the duties and
fesponsibiltes as a partie faculty member. The university may impose additional assignments. and tasks #s may be

necessary
ould you accept the appointment as a PART-TIME FACULTY MEMBER under the terms and conditions specified
180 Bign on the acceptance line below

above, ple

Truly yours,

Muu

REV. FR. EDUARDO S. CELIZ, JR., OAR
University President

ACCEPTANCE
| am pleased to accept the appointment as described herein

Si

Telephone Number (032) 253-7900; Fax (032) 254-1720; Website: http:/www.usjr edu ph

