WN

Accomplish the necessary forms required by USJ-R in connection with the internship of the student-
trainees:

6. Issue certificate of completion to student-trainees who successfully finish their training under the
program;

7. Adopt and enforce rules that will govern the conduct of the program. Said rules shal] be made known to
USJ-R and the student-trainees before the start of the training.
B. USJR shall:

|. Designate a Program Coordinator who wil] coordinate with DATA OUTSOURCE, LTD. regarding the
various activities/requirements under this program;

2. Pre-select and recommend student who will undergo on-the-job training under the CORPORATE
INTERSHIP PROGRAM, it being understood that only students taking courses wherein on-the-job

training is an academic requirement for graduation will be recommended:

Send the following student for on-the-job training from:

|
| is
FP Magabilin, Joseph BSIT — 4 MTWTHF - 8:00am — 12:00pm
2. Tagacanao, Helvi BSIT — 4 ‘ha
3. De La Victoria, Schiezka = MTWTHF - 1:00pm — 5:00pm
4. Albor, Marti =

3. Submit to DATA OUTSOURCE, LTD.., the resume and all other documents required under this program,
which shall serve as the basis of DATA OUTSOURCE, LTD. to screen, select and deploy specific
students for Internship;

4. Orient students about rules, proper attitudes, behavior and work ethics inside the internship site;

5. Monitor attendance, activities and performance of students during the internship program in DATA
OUTSOURCE, LTD.: |

6. Monitor compatibility of job circumstances with the internship course requirements for the student’s
attainment of advanced standing in the program through regular interaction with the student-trainees and
regular visit to the internship site:

7. Undertake insurance policy to cover accidental Injuries to student-trainees.

8. Together with the parents concerned, USJ-R and the individual students, hold DATA OUTSOURCE,
LTD. and USJ-R free from any claims or suit and shall forever defend DATA OUTSOURCE, LTD.
and USJ-R from any such claim or sifit whatsoever in connection with this Memorandum of Agreement.

9. Agree to the obligations of confidentiality set out in details as follows:
" ~~ >,

a. All technical or commercial information, e.g., concerning the business of DATA
OUTSOURCE, LTD. disclosed or to be disclosed to USJ-R by or in behalf of DATA
OUTSOURCE, LTD. in connection with this agreement will be received and held in confidence
by USJ-R and the student concerned unless and until DATA OUTSOURCE, LTD. gives written
approval for release of confidentiality;

b. USJ-R will take all reasonable hecessary steps to prevent disclosure of the technical or commercial
information and other matters and drawings or other materials, to others and will not disclose the
same to others without prior written consent from DATA OUTSOURCE, LTD..
