University of San Jose-Recoletos Mail - CALL FOR PAPERS: 3rd... https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0?ik=80fb459c2a&view=pt&searc...

Cre

USJR Presidents Office USJR Presidents Office <pres@usjr.edu.ph>

CALL FOR PAPERS: 3rd Colleges and Universities Public Service Conference
(CUPSCon 3)

Colleges and Universities Public Service Conference University of the Philippines Tue, Jun 18, 2019 at
<cupscon@up.edu.ph> 9:33 AM
To: pres@usjr.edu.ph

REV. FR. CHRISTOPHER C. MASPARA, OAR
President

University of San Jose Recoletos

Corner P. Lopez and Magallanes St.

Dear President Maspara:

The University of the Philippines, through the Padayon Public Service Office of the Office of the Vice
President for Public Affairs (OVPPA), will host the 3rd Colleges and Universities Public Service Conference
(CUPSCon 3) on 16-18 October 2019 in UP Visayas City Campus Auditorium, Iloilo City.

CUPSCon aims to provide an effective platform which harnesses teaching and research for extension and
public service, provides a venue for scholarly discussions on lessons and best practices for continuous
improvement of public service initiatives, and documents innovative initiatives that highlight the social
responsibility and commitment to public service of higher education institutions (HEIs). This year, the
conference forwards the advancement of public service through academe-community partnership. CUPSCon 3
shall feature plenary and parallel sessions, as well as poster presentations on the various public service
initiatives not only of SUCs and HEls, but also of government institutions, and civil society organizations
including NGOs, to establish possible partnerships between the SUCs and HEls and the community in delivering
relevant, strategic and sustainable public service. The Conference seeks to facilitate a productive exchange
of ideas among SUCs, HEIs, NGOs and government institutions in creating various types of public service
initiatives.

We are cordially inviting you and your faculty members, research staff, and students to participate in the
conference. The registration fee for participants is PhP 3,000.00 inclusive of kits, certificates, snacks and
lunch, but exclusive of transportation, accommodation, breakfast, and dinner. Aside from attending the
Conference, we are encouraging your institution to participate by presenting your public service initiatives as
well. Attached is the Call for Papers for your reference.

For further inquiries, you may contact Mr. Charles Ramos through email at cupscon@up.edu.ph, via phone at
(02) 981-8500 loc 4256, or through mobile at 0917 571 8886.

Thank you and we look forward to your positive response.

Yours truly,
(SGD) JEANETTE L. YASOL-NAVAL, PhD.

Director

P | Te. CPRS

CUPSCon Secretariat 4
Deas

Padayon Public Service Office
Room 5A Fonacier Hall

R. Magsaysay Avenue
University of the Philippines

Diliman, Quezon City 1101 ce, Vp Acad :

1 of 2 09/07/2019, 2:51 pm

