MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT

KNOWN ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:
‘This Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) entered into by and between:

‘The Commission on Higher Education (CHED), a government regulatory
‘agency established under RA. 7722, with principal office address at the Higher
Education Development Center (HEDC) Building, Carlos P, Garcia Avenue, Diliman,
Quezon City, represented by its Chairman J. PROSPERO E. DE VERA lll, DPA,
hereinafter referred to as “CHED";

~and -

‘The UNIVERSITY OF SAN JOSE-RECOLETOS, CEBU CITY, Center of
Excellence (COE) in Information Technology Education hereinafter referred to as
USJ-R a private university created and operating pursuant to pertinent laws of the
Republic of the Philippines with principal office at Magallanes Street, Cebu City
represented by its President, REV. FR. CRISTOPHER C. MASPARA, OAR, duly
authorized for this purpose.

WITNESSETH: That,

WHEREAS, pursuant to Republic Act 7722, CHED is mandated by law to
promote quality and relevant higher education in the Philippines;

WHEREAS, CHED aims to ensure and protect academic freedom for the
‘continuing intellectual growth, the advancement of leaming and research, the
development of responsible and effective leadership, the education of high-level and
middle level professionals, and the enrichment of historical hertage,

WHEREAS, non-stock, non-profit organizations/HEIs may be provided with fund
stance in accordance with COA Circular No. 2007-001;

WHEREAS, in the pursuit of these objectives and pursuant to its Commission en
bane Resolution No. 159-2019 dated March 26, 2019, CHED shall allocate the amount
‘of Three Million Pesos (Php 3,000,000.00) for USJ-R provided that the latter shall
implement the C3 (Create, Collaborate and Commercialize) Project in accordance with
the approved proposal;

WHEREAS, USJ-R thru its College of Information, “Computer and
Communications Technology, aims to enhance the capability of USJ-R-CICCT and
assist other HEI's in Region 7 to cteate, collaborate and commercialize innovative
‘software products;

Now, Therefore, for and in consideration of the foregoing premises, the CHED
hereby contracts USJ-R to facilitate and implement C> (Create, Collaborate and
Commercialize) Project in accordance with the approved proposal.

Article 1: Project Title/s

C?(Create, Collaborate and Commercialize) Project

Sy a
a
Article 3:

Article 4:

Article 8:

Project Proponent

USJ-R - College of Information, Computer and Communications
Technology (COE in Information Technology Education)

Rationale

‘The College of Information, Computer and Communications Technology
(CICCT) as designated by the Commission on Higher Education (CHED)
‘as Center of Excellence in IT Education, commit to provide access to
relevant, responsive and quality IT education through continuous
development to support the delivery of quality instruction, research and
‘community extension. It aims to be a catalyst to sustainable development
in the local and national community through the creation of innovative
products, collaboration with partner industries and HEIs and widest
distribution of innovative solutions to problems in the community

The college has gamered numerous awards in diferent startup and
technology competitions such as the Philppine Startup Challenge, Smart
‘SWEEP awards, Accenture Program the Future and many others. These
awards are made possible through the active research and development
initiative ofthe college and the strong suppor of the administration

In order to achieve sustainable development and continuous production of
novel ideas and researches, there is a need for mechanism to suppor the
growth of potential technoiogy-based enterprises and facilitate speedy
Commercialzation of research outputs. The college is pushing forward for
the establishment of a technology business incubator (TBI) and co-
working space which will serve as avenue for faculty and students to
‘produce commercialy-viable innovations.

‘The C? Project's strategic focus is to work with innovators in technology
specific areas:

‘+ Decision Support System and Data Mining - creation of
‘applications in support of enhanced data-driven decision making for
‘SME development.

© Wearable Technology and Mobile Innovations — creation of
innovative mobile applications with integration of wearable devices
to address pressing community problems.

‘+ Game Development — creation of mobile and web-based games,

Budgetary Requirements

“Amount

(C(Create, Collaborate and Commercialize) Project | Php3,000,000.00

Project Cost

‘The C? (Create, Collaborate and Commercialize) Project in accordance
with the approved proposal project of the College of Information,
Computer and Communications Technology, Center of Excellence it
Information Technology Education, University of San Jose ~ Recoletos,
Cebu City has @ total field support of Three Millon Pesos
(Php 3,000,000.00),

Ww
Article 6:

Responsibility of the Partios

A. CHED shall:

4. Through its Office of Programs and Standards Development
(OPSD), Higher Education Fund Secretariat (HEDFS), and the
‘Technical Panel for information Technology Education (TPITE),
‘see to it that funds provided to US.-R are used properly and for
the intended purposes disseminated;

2. Fakilitate and provide an avenue where the project results could
‘effectively and adequately be disseminated; and

3. Monitor the progress and completion of the project through the
‘CHED Office of Programs and Standards Development (OPSD)..

B. USUR shall:

1. Properly utiize the funds provided by CHED and shall see to it
that these are used for the purpose for which the same are
intended subject to the usual accounting and auditing rules and
regulations;

2. Abide by the provisions of applicable COA Circulars, particularly
COA Circular Nos. 94-013, 95-013, and 2007-001, as applicable
and other goverment laws, rules and regulations directly or
indirectly pertaining to projects funded either fully or partly by
government agencies;

3. Issue an Official Receipt for the amount received from CHED-

HEDF Secretariat and hold the amount received in trust for its
account;

4. Shoulder any and all expenses in excess of this grant for

furtherance of the project

‘5. Submit to CHED a liquidation report certified correct by the

Accountant and verified by the Auditor of the HEI, within sixty
(60) days from the completion of the project, without need of
demand;

6. Submit to CHED a finalterminal report (in printed and electronic

copies) within forty-five (45) days from the completion of project,
without need of demand;

7. Provide CHED with full access to all raw data, information,
‘observations and findings of the project and acknowledge the
financial support of CHED in any publication of the project or the
research; and

8. Submit to CHED documentary requirements which should not

be limited to the following: Certificate of Registration that it is a
Nnon-stock, non-profit institution (in case of non-stock, non-profit
HEIs); certiied true copy of the latest Articles of Incorporation;
Financial Reports audited by an independent Certified Public
‘Accountant for the past three (3) years preceding the date of
project implementation; Disclosure by the HE! of other related

Article 7:

Article 8:

Article 10:

Article 11:

Article 13:

business and/or grants received from the Commission or other
‘government agencies; Complete Project Proposal approved and
signed by its officers; Sworn Affidavit of the Secretary of the HEI
that none of its incorporators, organizer, directors or officials is
‘an agent or related by consanguinity or affinity up to the 4® civil
degree to the officials of CHED authorized to process andior
‘approved the proposal, MOA and release of funds.

Data Privacy Compliance

1. HEI shall enter into a data sharing agreement with the Commission,
the contents of which should be in compliance with Section 6.
Content of Data Sharing Agreement of NPC Circular No. 16-2,
dated October 10, 2016; and

2. That the HEI shall adopt a system to secure the consent of persons
whose personal information are being collected, if applicable, prior
to collection of any personal data.

Intellectual Property Rights

‘The parties agree that the provisions of Republic Act 8293 or the
Intellectual Property Code of the Philippine
‘Act 10055 or the Philippine Technology Trar
applied.

Termination of the Agreement

CHED may terminate this Agreement at any time for any legal cause or
Violation of the herein terms and conditions by giving a written notice to
the other party not later than thirty days prior to the intended day of the
termination. This is without prejudice to the right of CHED to collect
whatever unutilzed fund the HE! may have received for the project.

Waiver
The failure by either party to insist upon strict enforcement of any terms
and conditions of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of
such right or of any other right hereunder.

‘Amendments

‘Amendments may be proposed by any of the contracting parties. Their
incorporation in the agreement shall be upon the mutual written consent of
both partes,

Vonue of Litigation

The parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the proper courts of
Quezon City.

Soparability Clause
If any provision of this Agreement shall be held by a court of competent

jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions
shall remain in full force and effect
Effectivity of the Agreement

The project shall commence on the date of receipt of notice to proceed
along with the release of funds to USJ-R for the project implementation.
‘The date of implementation remains in full force and effect until the end of
the project,

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereby affix their signatures this__day

of 20__ at Quezon City, Philppines.
COMMISSION ON HIGHER EDUCATION UNIVERSITY OF SAN JOSE ~
(CHED) RECOLETOS, CEBU CITY
(USJ-R)
GRANTOR BY: GRANTEE BY:

J. PROSPERO E. DE VERAIII,DPA |) REV. FR.

IER C. MASPARA, OAR,
Chairman dy
‘Commission on Higher Education

Signed in the presence of:

Wekumgiade, SB aoe
MARY SYLVETTE IGUNDO, Ph.D. GREG ‘TOR D. GABISON, DIT

OIC Drector'v, OPSD Dean, College of ICCT
bb

CERTIFIED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS
8,00 , ve.
MYRA PAZ 8. MANALO
Chief Accountant, HEDF Staff
fos Ins 2019 9 RE

ufos
ACKNOWLEDGMENT

Republic ofthe Philippines )
188,

Before me, a Notary Public for and in QUEZON CITY,

Pheer at —— day of
‘pcr o.2 219 * 2019 porsnaly appeared ble me:

NUMBER OF CURRENT DATE AND
IDENTIFICATION DOCUMENTS PLACE
ISSUED BY AN OFFICIAL ISSUED
AGENCY BEARING THE
PHOTOGRAPH AND
‘SIGNATURE

PROSPERO E. DE VERA Ill, DPA

REV. FR. CRISTOPHER C. MASPARA, OAR

Known to me and to be known the same persons who executed the foregoing
instrument consisting of six (6) pages including this page on which the acknowledgment
{is written, has been signed on the right hand margin of each and every page sealed with,
‘my notarial seal

IN WITNESS HEREOF, | have hereunto set my hand and seal on the day, year and
above written,

Doe. No. Rw

PageNo. __n ATTY. 10 yn
Book No. x N pay
Series No. _24

