5. Provide safety instruction throughout the internship period;

6. Accomplish the necessary forms required by USJ-R in connection with the internship of the student-
trainees;

7. Issue certificate of completion to student-trainees who successfully finish their training under the
program;

8. Adopt and enforce rules that will govern the conduct of the program. Said rules shall be made known to
USJ-R and the student-trainees before the start of the training. Implementation of the rules shall be
executed by the Head of the Department.

B. USJR shall:

1. Designate a Program Coordinator who will coordinate with PASI regarding the various
activities/requirements under this program:

2. Pre-select and recommend student who will undergo on-the-job training under the CORPORATE
INTERSHIP PROGRAM, it being understood that only students taking courses wherein on-the-job
training is an academic requirement for graduation will be recommended:
send the following student for on-the-job training from:

Start Date Date End
Intern’s Name Course/Y ear Days/Time
|
1. Antquina, Andrew BSit=4 °° |
2. Rivera, Jalane BSIT — 4 | MTWTHF - 8:00am — 12:00pm |
| 3. Elano, Jessie BSIT — 4 | MTWTHE - 1:00pm — 5:00pm |
| 4. Pepito, Jomar , BSIT — 4 |

3. Submit to PASI, the resume and all other documents required under this program, which shall serve as
the basis of PASI to screen, select and deploy specific students for Internship;

4. Orient students about rules, proper attitudes, behavior and work ethics inside the internship site;

5. Monitor attendance, activities and performance of students during the internship program in PASI;

6. Monitor compatibility of job circumstances with the internship course requirements for the student’s
attainment of advanced standing in the program through regular interaction with the student-trainees
and regular visit to the mternship site;

7. Undertake insurance policy to cover accidental injuries to student-trainees.

8. Together with the parents concerned, USJ-R and the individual students, hold PASI and USJ-R free
from any claims or suit and shall forever defend PASI and USJ-R from any such claim or suit
whatsoever in connection with this Memorandum of Agreement.

9,

Agree to the obligations of confidentiality set out in details as follows:

3
Ln

a. All technical or commercial information, e.g., concerning the business of PAST disclosed or to
be disclosed to USJ-R by or in behalf of PASI in connection with this agreement will be
received and held in confidence by USJ-R and the student concerned unless and until PASI
gives written approval for release of confidentiality;

Confidential information shall mean any data or information that is highly sensitive, material,
exclusively obtained from PASI that is not generally known to the public, including but not
limited to those previously mentioned.

i
‘
fp
