University of San Jose-Receoleins
Corners P. Lopez & Magallanes Streets, Cebu City, Philippines 6000

School of Computer Studies

June 5, 2023

MR. AMADEO NARCA

Dean, School of Arts and/Sciences
University of San Jose-Recoletos
Cebu City

Through: DR.MARIETTABONGcALES \(¢¢4>
Chairman, Department of Languages/and Literature

The School of Computer Studies of the University of San Jose-Recoletos is
set to host the International Project-Based Learning program (iPBL) with the
participation of esteemed partner universities, Southern Taiwan University of
Science and Technology (STUST) and Osaka Institute of Technology (OIT). The
IPBL is a program where students from all three universities collaborate on a project
aligned on the year’s theme which centers around the Sustainable Development
Goals (SDG).

Scheduled to take place from August 21-25, 2023, at USJ-R Basak Campus,
this five-day event will bring together teams comprising students from each of the three
universities. These teams will work together to tackle a project that encompasses various
components of electrical, electronics, and computing.

As the host university, we recognize the importance of adequately preparing
participants for the upcoming bootcamp. With this in mind, | would like to formally request
your good office to conduct a virtual English Language Program (ELP) specifically
tailored for our Taiwanese and Japanese participants. This program will help ensure
that all participants possess the necessary conversational English skills to effectively —
engage and contribute during the event.

The program will span a total duration of 10 hours, divided into 2-hour sessions.
These sessions are scheduted to take place on Saturdays throughout the month of
July. We anticipate the participation of 20 foreign students, with 10 students from
each partner university. To successfully implement the ELP buddy system, we wilt
need 10 student facilitators, alongside one faculty supervisor. It is important to note
that SCS will provide the necessary honorarium to both the student facilitators and
the faculty supervisor for their valuable contributions.

Looking forward to your affirmative response to this request. Thank you very much

for your continued support.
Respectfully yer

Dean
School of Computer Studies

