FROM

:DOST TAF]

FAX MO.

9:22PM

Republic of the Philippines
Department of Science and Technology

Technology Application and Promotion institute

WOMEN INVENTOR’S SUMMIT
03-04 October 2019, Cebu City

REGISTRATION FORM

Position

E-mail Address _

CONFORME

| hereby certify that the above information is true and correct and confirm my attendance to the 2-day
Women Inventor's Summit on 03 - 04 October 2019 at a venue within Cebu City.

(Signature over Printed Name)

IMPORTANT NOTE: This form maybe duplicated. RSVP nat later than 24 September 2019. FIRST COME FIRST SERVED BASIS!

DATA PRIVACY CONSENT FORM

We at the Technology Application and Promotion
Institute are committed to provide you with the services
involving application and promotion of seience and
technology pursuant to Executive Order No, 128 and RA
7459 while implementing safeguards to protect your
privacy and keep your parsonal data safe and secure.

Processing of Personal Data

The personal information being collected which may
include your photes during the event may be used for the
(1) issuance of ID, certificates and the like; (2) sending of
notifications/communications invalving the said event; (3)
sending of materials for the evant; (4) posting of pictures
during the event in TAP! official website for promotional
and transparency purposes; and other similar activities.
Said information will also ba shared within DOST Sysiern
for the purpose of informing and/or inviting the data
subject to any other events, promotions, proposais, and
other activities of DOST System. Further, said
infarmation will be shared within and used by DOST
System for statistics purposes.

Data Protection

We shall implement reasonable and appropriate
organizational, physical, and technical security measures
for the protection of personal information which we

collated.

National Privacy Commission (NPC) in accordance to
the NPC Circwar 16-03 or Personal Data Breach
Management,

Personal information collected are stured and later on
disposed of via shradding and permanently deleted in
our electronic files in accordance to R.A. No. 9470
otherwise known as National Archives of the Philippines
Act of 2007,

Rights of the Data Subject

As the Data Subject, you have the right io be informed of
the personal information being collected, processed, and
stored by TAF as well as to access, object, rectify, and
block the same. For questions or concerns, you may
contact our Data Protection Officer through the follawing
details:
(02) 837 2071 local 2162
info@tapi.dost.gov.ph

| have read this form, understood its contents and
consent to the processing of my personal data. |
understand that my consent dogs nol preclude the
existence of other criteria for lawful processing of
personal data, and does not waive any of my rights
undar the Data Privacy Act of 2012 and other applicable
laws.

Anhe_autherizead oacnannal ara_nermitted and have nr

Pt

