MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT.

KNOW ALL BY MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

This Memorandum of Agreement is made and entered into by and between

ETCHWORKS DIGITAL HAMMER INC.,a domestic corporation duly organized end existing under
and by virtue ofthe laws of the Republic ofthe Philippines, with office address at 1434-B East Capitol Road,
Capitol Site, Cebu City, represented herein by MS. DONNA PAIGE LIM, Creative Director, who is duly
authorized to represen it in this transaction, hereinafter referred to as ETCHWORKS,

and

The UNIVERSITY OF SAN JOSE ~ RECOLETOS (USI-R), an educational institution duly
organized and existing under the laws ofthe Philippines, with principal office address at Magallanes St, Cebs
City herein represented by DR. GREGG VICTOR D. GABISON, Dean of the College of Information,
‘Computer and Communications Technology, who i dy authorized to represent tin this transaction, hereinafter
referred t0 as USER.

WITNESSETH

WHEREAS, ET'CHWORKS, under the CORPORATE INTERNSHIP PROGRAM, agrees to accept
students of USJAR as trainees in its various facilities in support forthe Industry Linkage Program of USE-R:

WHEREAS, USI-R, with object of forging Industry-Academe Linkage to complement existing curicula
to match industry demand, agrees to endorse ther students and prove participants inthe said Industy Linkage
Program and train inthe ETCHWORKS

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration ofthe foregoing premises, ETCHWORKS and USI-R do
hereby agree to stipulate the following:

A. BTCHWORKS Shall:

1. Sereen, select and deplay tothe different facilities and offices of ETCHWORKS students recommended
by USI-R to undergo on-she-job training under the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM pursuant
to the following conditions:

8. For Information Technology and Information Systems students:
ining hours ~ Practicum |
ing hours Practicum I

'. For Computer Science students: minimum of 300

2. Designate from among its employees an Industry Supervisor who will be assigned the following

4. Serve as mentor to the student-trainees;

b. Give the student-trainees course-elated work assignments and expose them to learning
experience on actual operations and management,

situation problems and bottlenecks thus enabling them to

© Expose the studenttrainees to re
empirical approach othe solution of problems;

analyze and apply sientific a we

4. Arrange a conference with the Program Director when studentrainee problem arises;

3. Adhere to al regulation regarding laws and al cules and regulations pertaining to internship of learners

Ga
Se Mtinsiaeguited Py USI-R in connection with the internship of the student:

trainees;

& fae certificate of completion to studentirainees who sucessfilly finish their tn ing under the
rogram;

Ferree rales that will gover the conduct ofthe program. Sai ules shall be made known to
USAR andthe students before the start ofthe traning,

1B. USIR shall:

T EeienaS & Prowram Coordinator who will coordinate with ETCHWORKS regarding the various
actvitiesrequirements under this program,

7 INTErrimt recommend student who will undergo onshejb taining under the CORPORATE
MIRSHIP PROGRAM. it being understood that only students taking coures where ‘on-the-job

tae eat ig ne a ne a
tal oboe ar ee ee
[arene 5 eer |
[ot mente | sortase

about rules, proper attitudes, behavior and work ethics inside the internship site;

S Meie aitendance, stvtes and performance of students during the intemship program in the
ETCHWORKS;

& Monitor compatibility of job circumstances with the intemship course requirements forthe student's
iment of advanced standing in the program trough regular interaction wth the studen-taines ond
‘regular visit to the internship site,

7. Undertake insurance policy to cover accidental injuries to student-trainees.

Together withthe parents concerned, USI-R and the individual students, hold ETCHWORKS and
claims or suit and shall forever defend ETCHWORKS and USJ-R from any such dain
\hatsoever in connection with this Memorandum of Agreement

9. Agree to the obligations of confidentiality set out in details as follows:
‘All technical or commercial information, e.g, concerning the business of ETCHWORKS
disclosed orto be disclosed to USJ-R by or in behalf of ETCHWORKS in connection within
greement will be received and helthin confidence by USI-R and the student concerned unites

and until ETCHWORKS gives writen approval for release of confidentiality,

b- USER will ake all reasonable necessary steps to prevent disclosure ofthe echnical or commercial
information and other matters and drawings or other materials, to others and will not dicloce the
Same to others without prior written consent from ETCHWORKS.

C. ETCHWORKS and USI-R further agree that:

|\ Kis expressly understood that there willbe no employer-employee relationship between ETCHWORKS.
and the studentrainees of USI-R:

dent trainees and the USI-R Program Coordinator shall abide with ETCHWORKS rules and
regulations and comply with those imposed under the program; otherwise they shall be excluded from
further participation

4. ETCHWORKS reserves the rightto discontinue the on-thejob training of any student
notice to US-R;

inee upon prior

S- USI-R may pull out any student-traine from the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM upon prior
‘written notice to ETCAWORKS.

© Together with families concerned, USI-R and the individual faculty renounce and waive any claim
against ETCHWORKS for any injury thatthe trainees may sustain or loss thet they might su
personal or pecuniary, arising from the negligence inthe performance of their duties and functions while
under training. The waivers of the trainees and their respective families shal indemnify ETCHWORKS
for payment, ines and damages incurred by the faculty-trainees and that ETCHWORKS shall be thes
and blameless from any accident, negligence, oss or damage to ETCHWORKS, which is attributable
tothe trainees. The waiver shall be submited to ETCHWORKS prior fo commencement ofthe taining.
Hold both USJ-R and ETCHWORKS free from any obligation resulting tothe instances mentioned.

7. The trainee shall hold ETCHWORKS and USJ-R free and harmless from any suits whatsoever in
‘connection with this memorandum,

7. ETCHWORKS reserves the right to discontinue the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM on
reasonable grounds upon a receipt of(15)-day written notice t0 USER. ii

8. That both parties shall exer all efforts necessary 1 achieve the objectives ofthis joint undertakings

9. That neither ofthe parties shall be liable in any way forthe failure to observe or perform any provision
ofthis Agreement if such failure shall be caused by any law rule or regulation of any constituted public
Authority or shall be due to any cause beyond the control ofthe party in default j

lletual Property Rights

All sights in any data, information, specications, records, repors, techniques, methodologies, and drawings
‘whether recorded on paper or in electronic form, and models, al resulting from performance ofa project shal be
the property of ETCHWORKS. Each trainee will assign copyright, patent rights and any other intellectual
property rights in the same to ETCHWORKS and, atthe cost of EFCHWORKS, to do all acs and sign all
documents necessary to vest or more securely vest in ETCAWORKS the intellectual property rights.

E. Duration

This agreement shall take effect immediately upon signing hereof and shall continue thereafter, provi
however, that any provision ofthis agreement maybe amended by after a fifteen (18)day written notice and
‘consent by both parties, herein and provided further that ETCHWORKS or USI-R reserves the right to withdraw
its participation in the Agreement upon thirty (30)-day written notice.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES } ss

—rg }
sa ~e1zy—
BEFORE ME, personally appeared the fllowing persons
Name Community Tax Cenicate Date & Place sued
No

Dr. Gregg Victor D. Gabison
Ms. Donna Paige Lim

we cr town to me to be the same persons who executed and signed the foregoing instrument and who
‘acknowledged to me thatthe same are ther free and voluntary acts and leeds

WITNESS MY HAND AND SEAL, at the place andoditANe2BdBabove writen

ary, curr
4W ont Sa P34, 2019
: ——*e- RIK Mo. 8748436/18/5 2017
Be SES NO-G416 CiFeTine nosose

z = ofere
Series of 2018 No.0023007-12~ 4
—_s Wivakeowies ot aie am
IN WITNESS WHEROF, the parties hereof have signed this Agreement on this —

i emo C15
ETCHWORKS DIGITAL HAMMER INC. UNIVERSITY OF SAN JOSE-RECOLETOS
(ETCHWORKS) (SER)
By: By:
Le or.
MS. DONNA PAIGE LIM DR. GeGEVCTOR D.CABISON
Grtive Director Dean, Collegeof Information,

Computer and Communication Technology

