University of San Jose-Recoletos

Comer P. Lopez & Magallanes Streets, Cebu City 6000, Philippines

SERVICE CONTRACT
Part-time College Faculty Member

‘August 1, 2023,
MR. AHDZLEEBEE L. FORMENTERA
School of Computer Studien
USI-R, Cebu Cty
ea Mr, Formentera
PART-TIME FACULTY for the First

The University of San Jose-Recoletos is pleased fo offer ou an appointment
‘Semester of SY 2023-2024 effective August 2023, For eervices satisfacionly rendered in this positon, the urwversty

agrees fo give due compensation subject tothe folowing conditions:
+ Parsee aggontment ae mage on 4 semesta,condtionl basis and ara contingent upon very satisfactory partomanca bases
tthe slanconds st by Ihe vnernty budget and cats development whine eolege or apartment

‘You arte to abe by athe polices rules, and reuiabons ofthe Unversity of San Jove Recolaton

You ape to comply wih a adminatraive requrements such as Class atlendance, punctuaty, daxdines for suemason of
grades ass recorth and ether equrements

4 Youponsens a personaity and character which refiet the Unversty’s masion statement

5. You conmit te pevtoming your duties tothe best of your hnowiadge and sbi ln accordance withthe standards sat by the

5 Youensue siet asherence to 08 and marian the confserbalty of senstve nlormatn by safeguarding

the Unversty scala and uphiang dota prvacystangars a proted Pe confers and integrty of bom personal tornatcn
tn pertoal senate normaton

7 You tcitate ang assist in the plementation, mantoring. and documentation relate tothe Unversty Quality Maragemert
‘System (QMS) fe ensure contnuaus enprovemert and to promote excelence m processes and academic seneces

8 Your rate of pay shat beat Php 202.09 per untoad-nour up to 12 pay-ntloads

5 Asa panime tacuty, be mind ol the arcie en the Code of Ethics and Sanctions ofthe Faculty Manual fo guce you
yout Geasngs wa your co-workers and the rest ol nston's members. In addon,

‘Conduct prohibited by Catholic morals such as, but not limited to, extramarital sexual affairs, serual relations
Detween unmarried persons, disgraceful and shameless publi display of mtimacy, homosexual act, etc. wll
‘consutute #pround forthe fermination of an employee's services and hiaher severance iam the service.

10 You teachg load shall be specicaly dicated a the tomal assignment ofthe Colege a8 recommended pursuant to te
‘requrenena ang esiablahed pokes ofthe univers. Asie fom teaching, You Shall patiipate academe: Bcvbes Of the
{hoot wich ave enimeraied the Facuty Manca!

12 Ths contact srl emai in fore forthe entire semester rom August 2023 1o December 2023 and automaticaly expees at
the endo! te seer whut need ct witen notes

13. Inte evert nat you fat o tie by the ers of hes contract and should you pre terminate the same or reson tom your postion
‘arta te end the contact ta univery shal ot aus ¢certfiale of employment in your favor and You shal be fable to
bay te unnersty the amoure of Pp. 100,000 00, as lsemty fot te loates gated damages, and reemburserent for Pee
farung cons ard expenses incued by he
teugnaton oF tive to repon for wom Ths
od

14 Th conract may be modes, eves, of supplemented 1 reflect etectve changes in employment, Le reciassfcaton,
promatons. pay austere

15 Upon ating your ugnatre herein you mandes! tha you have read, undastead, and shal fay comply win the duties ane

‘esponssates as # partime facuty member The unvelady may trpese adstonal assignments and tasks 68 may be
‘Should you accept the appomniment as a PART-TIME FACULTY MEMBER under the terms and conditions specified
above, please sign on the acceptance line below,

Truly yours,

QR __

REV, FR. EDUARDO S. CELIZ, JR, OAR
University President

= ACCEPTANCE
Tn pleased to accep he appoiniment as described herein

1/24/2003
TURE Dal

Telephone Number (032) 253-7900, Fax (032) 254-1720, Website: hip awww usir-edu ph

CamScanner

