MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT

This Memorandum of Agreement (the “MOA”) is entered by and between:

a)

b)

University of San Jose-Recoletos (USJ-R), a domestic corporation duly
organized and existing under the laws of the Republic of the Philippines, with
principal address at Magallanes Street, 6000, Cebu City, represented by its
President, Rev. Fr. Eduardo S. Celiz, OAR: and

Talleco.com, Inc. a corporation duly organized and existing under and by virtue
of the laws of the Republic of the Philippines with office address at 7F Cebu IT
Tower, Cebu Business Park, Cebu City 6000 represented herein by its Director
of Technical Operation, Froilan Magdadaro (the “ Industry Partner’, each of
USJR and Industry Partner, a “Party”, and collectively, the “Parties”).

RECITALS

1.

Z.

The Parties are all legal entities, capable, and duly authorized to enter into this
MOA.

; - oF, F -
The Parties share a common vision and goal of improving skills and training
students deployed as interns/on-the-job-frainees (“OJT”) to bétter prepare them
for employment.

. The Parties enter into this MOA to combine their respective strengths in

complementing each other, by inter alia, setting out the responsibilities of each
Party, and defining the areas of cooperation.

IMPLEMENTATION AND RESPONSIBILITY OF THE PARTIES

A.

oR

USJR shall provide the following services and participation without any financial

obligation from the Industry Partner.

1. Refer students and/or alumni to Industry Partner who wish to look for jobs,
taking into account the Industry Partner's job specifications;

2. Provide a venue in USJ-R where the Industry Partner can recruit (face-to-face
or virtual);

3. Refer students to the Industry Partner for possible short-term or long-term
internship/OJT, taking into account the candidates’ qualifications, and the
Industry Partner's requirements;

4. Upon request of the Industry Partner, provide a list of graduates for possible
employment with the Industry Partner, subject to the Data Privacy Act of
2012. The said list must not be shared with a person who is not a party to

7. oa io ,
