MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT

KNOW ALL BY MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

‘This Memorandum of Agreement is made and entre into by and between

17-22 IT Services, domestic corporation duly organized and existing under and by vite ofthe laws
ofthe Republic of the Philipines, with office address at Room 3-10, Noth Road Plaa Building, Labounn Ra
“Mandaue City Ce, represented herein by GICERYL SNOWY S. HERANA, VP-Opcrations and Sel, Who
‘duly authorized to represent it inthis ansation,hecinafer refered tas 17-22 IT SERVICES.

sand

‘The UNIVERSITY OF SAN JOSE — RECOLETOS (USUR), an education! institution daly
xzanized and existing under the laws ofthe Philippines, with eneipal oie adress at Magallanes St. Cbs
City herein represented by REV. FR. CRISTOPHER C. MASPARA, OAR, University President, whois daly
tutored to represent iin his transaction, hereinafter referred toas USI

WITNESSETH

WHEREAS, 17-22 IT SERVICES, under the CORPORATE INTERNSHIP PROGRAM, agrees to
‘accept students of USI-R as tines in is various facilites in support fr the Industry Linkage Progra of USI
R

WHEREAS, USJAR, withthe objective of forging Industry-Academe Linkage to complement existing
curricula to match industry demand, agrees to endorse thet students and prove participants nthe sai Industry
Linkage Program and tain in 17-22 FT SERVICES.

NOW, THEREFORE, fo and in consideration ofthe foregoing premises, 17-22 IT SERVICES and USHER do
Irby agree to stipulate the Following:
‘A. 17.22 IT SERVICES Shall:
|. Soren, select and deploy to the diferent facilities and offices of 17-22 IT SERVICES students
recommended by USH-R to undergo onthejob training under the CORPORATE. INTERSHIP
PROGRAM pursuant tothe following conditions:

4 For Information Technology and Information Systems stents:
‘minimum of $00 training hours.

For Computer Science students: minimum of 30 training hours,

2 Desianate from among its employees an Industry Supervisor ho willbe assigned the following
responsibilities

8. Serveas mentor tothe stdent-trinees;

b. Give the studenttrainees course-related work assignments and expose them to learning
‘experience on actual operations and management;

Expose the studentrainees to real situation problems and btlenecks this enabling them to
analyze and apply scientific as wel as empirical approach othe soltion of problems;

ls
i
S Accomplish the necessary forms required by USJHR in connection withthe iatrship ofthe student
trainees,

ess certfiate of completion to student-tranees who sucesflly fash ther taining under the
rogram;

7 Aeareind enforce rules that will govern the conduct of the program. Sid rules shall be made known
‘USER and the student-trainees before the start ofthe taining

B.USIR shall;

1 Deslente a Program Coordinator who wil corinate with 17-22 IT SERVICES regarding the various
astiviterequirements under ths programs,

7 INTEnRG! and recommend student who will udergo on-the-job training under the CORPORATE
TAMER SHTP PROGRAM i being undrsicod tat only students taking couses when oni e
‘raining isan academic requirement for graduation will be recommend!

‘Send the following student for on-thejob training from:

Sais Dain
2018 © 2019
Ta Naas Comer —[Daine
Hanna Enodio BSIT-4 | saTWrHr- 00am 12:00pm
MTWTHE 1:00pm — 5p

* Silt 172 TT SERVICES, the resume andall other document reuited under his program, which
Imarnenge th basis of 17-22 IT SERVICES to screen, select and deploy specif Sodens et
Internship:

‘+ Orient students about rls, proper atts, behavior and work thc inside the internship it;

$ Mnter attendance, activites and performance of students during the internship program in 17-22 IT
SERVICES,

attainment of advanced standing in the progra
regular vis tothe internship site

7. Undertake insurance policy to cover accidental injuries to student-trainces.

5S: Tpesine wth the parents concerned, USI-R andthe individual students, hold 17-22 TT SERVICES and
sa eeg om any clans o suit and shall forever defend 1722 1 SERVICES and USUR fee a
‘sch claim or suit whatsoever in conngction with this Memovandum of Agreement,

9. Agree tothe obligations of confidentiality set out in details as fllows

5 USI-R wil ake all resonable neceasary steps to prevent disclosure ofthe technical o commercial
informatio and other matters and drawings or oer material, to others and wil not dene a
‘same to others without prior writen consent from 17-22 IT SERVICES,
1. Its expresly understood that there will be no employeremployee relationship between 17-22 IT
SERVICES and the studen-rainces of USI-R;

2. Under no circumstances shall studettrainees of USI-R, look o 17-22 IT SERVICES as employer,
Partner or agent. Neither student-trainees of USL, shall be entitled to any benefits accorded te
‘company's employees, such as worker's compensation, vacation lave, among others 1722 IP
‘SERVICES shall be responsible fer providing. at its expense and in ts ame, licenses and permis usual
‘or necessary for conducting the training.

3. The student-traines will be personally responsible for any and all abilities for damage to property or
injury to third persons, which maybe occasioned by thei intentional or negligent acts while in the couse
ofthee taining:

‘4 The student trainees and the USI-R Program Coordinator shall abide with 17-22 IT SERVICES roles
and regulations and comply with those imposed under the program; ctherwise they shall be exclided
fiom further participation:

5. 17.2 TTSERVICES reserves the right to discontinue the n-theob taining of any student-tsine upon
price notice to US-R;

6 USER may pullout any stdent-rance from the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM upon prior
‘wnten notice to 17-22 TT SERVICES.

7. Before the student shal be allowed to undergo the on-the-job training under this contact, the student of
‘egal ag, shall execute a waiver renouncing and waiving any claim against 17-22 TT SERVICES 2nd
'USIR for any persona injury’ or pecuniary loss that the stents may sustain o suffer nthe performance
oftheir duties and futons while under the on.thejob training. Mean if the students nto ep
‘gs the said waiver shouldbe signed by the student and parent or guardian The waiver of the student.
trainees shal be submited to 17-22 FT SERVICES and USJR porto the commencement ofthe tuning

8. The trance shall hold 17-22 FT SERVICES and USJ-R free and harmless from any suits whatsoever in
‘connection with this memorandum,

9. 17-2 IT SERVICES reserves the right to discontinue the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM
‘on material and reasonable ground upon a receipt of (S)-day writen notice to USER,

10. That both partes shal exer al efforts necessary to achieve the objectives of thisjint undertaking:

1. That neither of the partis shall be liable in any way forthe failure to observe or perform ay provision
‘ofthis agreement if such failure shall be caused by any lw, rule or regulation of eny consti public
‘uthority or shall be due to any cause beyond the conto of the partyin defiul,

12. Should there be any disputes which remain unresolved, USI-R and 17-22 IT SERVICES agree to seck
telie'n the proper courts of Cebu Ciy ‘only.

‘D. Intellectual Property Rights ed

Allright in any data, information, specifications, records, reports, techniques, methodologies, and deawings
whether recorded on paper ori electronic form, and'medels, al resulting from performance of a project shall be
the property of 17-2 IT SERVICES. Each trainee will asign copyright, patent rights and any ether intellectual
‘Property fightin the same to 17-22 ET SERVICES and, atthe cost of 17-22 IT SERVICES, todo all acts and
‘ign all documents necessary to vest or more securely vest in 17-22 IT SERVICES the inelectual property
righ,

E. Duration

This agreement shall ake effect immediately upon signing hereof and shall continue thereafter, provided,
however that any provision ofthis agreement may be amended by after a fifteen (15}ay written neice and

ae

f
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereof have signed this Agreement on this day of
in City.

17-22 ITSERVICES UNIVERSITY OF SAN JOSE-RECOLETOS
(COMPANY) (USER)

xcenii ftitrameina sere dun
pelt boty

SIGNED IN THE PRESENCE OF:

Sy em
pr éxee victor b. GABIsON

= Dean, Collegeof Information,
Compute and Communication Technology

ACKNOWLEDGEMEN

REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES ) ss
)

[BEFORE ME, personally appeared the following persons:

Name ‘Community Tax Certificate Date & Pace Issued
No.
Rey. Fr, Cristopher C. Maspars, OAR

‘who are known to me to be the same persigs who executed and signed the foregoing instrument and who
‘acknowledged to me that the same are their fre and voluntary act and deeds.

WITNESS MY HAND AND SEAL, atthe place and on the site first

exary Pubic for Coo Cyd Manip ofan Fermande
Doe. No Mawar Comision 1-23 Expires on Decembar 208
Page No. Well No. S428, PTR No 1646, Ceo Cy tel
Book No. 3 BP No. AKI254s824y13P Cebu Cy 4

ret eels
eo ater ae

