5. Accomplish the necessary forms required by USJ-R in connection with the internship of the student-
trainees:

6. Issue certificate of completion to student-trainees who successfully finish their training under the
program;

7, Adopt and enforce rules that will govern the conduct of the program. Said rules shall be made known to
USJ-R and the student-trainees before the start of the training.
B. USJR shall:

1. Designate a Program Coordinator who will coordinate with DEEPTHINKER SOFTWARE DEV. CO.,
regarding the various activities/requirements under this program:

2. Pre-select and recommend student who will undergo on-the-job training under the CORPORATE
INTERSHIP PROGRAM, it being understood that only students taking courses wherein on-the-job
training is an academic requirement for graduation will be recommended:

Send the following student for on-the-job training from:

Date End

Start Date

sos youn gice pes ___to , 2019 |

Intern’s Name Course/Y ear Days/Time oe

|. Bucog, Sarah Jane N. BSIT — 4 MTWTHEF - 8:00am — 12:00 pm
and

MTWTHEF - 1:00pm — 5:00 pm

3. Submit to DEEPTHINKER SOFTWARE DEV. CO., , the resume and all other documents required X'
under this program, which shall serve as the basis of DEEPTHINKER SOFTWARE DEV. CO., to
screen, select and deploy specific students for Internship;

4. Orient students about rules, proper attitudes, behavior and work ethics inside the internship site; f

5. Monitor attendance, activities and performance of students during the internship program in
DEEPTHINKER SOFTWARE DEV. CO., ;

6. Monitor compatibility of job circumstances with the internship course requirements for the student’ s
attainment of advanced standing in the program through regular interaction with the student-trainees and
regular visit to the internship site:

7. Undertake insurance policy to cover accidental injuries to student-trainees.
8. Together with the parents concerned, USJ-R and the individual students, hold DEEPTHINKER
SOFTWARE DEV. CO., and USJ-R free from any claims or suit and shall forever defend
DEEPTHINKER SOFTWARE DEV. CO., and USJ-R from any such claim or suit whatsoever in
connection with this Memorandum of Agreement.

4

9. Agree to the obligations of confidentiality set out in details as follows:

a. All technical or commercial information, e.g., concerning the business of DEEPTHINKER
SOFTWARE DEV. CO., disclosed or to be disclosed to USJ-R by or in behalf of
DEEPTHINKER SOFTWARE DEV. CO., in connection with this agreement will be received
and held in confidence by USJ-R and the student concerned unless and until DEEPTHINKER
SOFTWARE DEV. CO., gives written approval for release of confidentiality;

b. USJ-R will take all reasonable necessary steps to prevent disclosure of the technical or commercial
wntormation and nthar er & See 2) eee ee ee i es
