5. Accomplish the necessary forms required by USJ-R in connection with the internship of the student-
trainees;

6. Issue certificate of completion to student-trainees who successfully finish their training under the
program;

7. Adopt and enforce rules that will govern the conduct of the program. Said rules shall be made known to
USJ-R and the student-trainees before the start of the training.
B. USJR shall:

1. Designate a Program Coordinator who will coordinate with 17-22 IT SERVICES regarding the various
activities/requirements under this program;

2. Pre-select and recommend student who will undergo on-the-job training under the CORPORATE
INTERSHIP PROGRAM, it being understood that only students taking courses wherein on-the-job

training is an academic requirement for graduation will be recommended;

Send the following student for on-the-job training from:

Start Date :

-, 2019

Intern’s Name

ie oe eee
Days/Time
eessoecsncnreasaspflacvaceveusatesusrsserisisessctsdiantetines

pantees

Course/Y ear

Hanna Enodio BSIT — 4 MTWTHE - 8:00am — 12:00pm

MTWTHEF - 1:00pm — 5:00pm

3. Submit to 17-22 IT SERVICES, the resume and all other documents required under this program, which x
shall serve as the basis of 17-22 IT SERVICES to screen, select and deploy specific students for
Internship;

4. Orient students about rules, proper attitudes, behavior and work ethics inside the internship site;

5. Monitor attendance, activities and performance of students during the internship program in 17-22 IT
SERVICES;

6. Monitor compatibility of job circumstances with the internship course requirements for the student’s
attainment of advanced standin g in the program throu gh regular interaction with the student-trainees and
regular visit to the internship site;

7. Undertake insurance policy to cover accidental injuries to student-trainees.

8. Together with the parents concerned, USJ-R and the individual students, hold 17-22 IT SERVICES and
USJ-R free from any claims or suit and shall forever defend 17-22 IT SERVICES and USJ-R from any
such claim or suit whatsoever in connection with this Memorandum of Agreement.

9. Agree to the obligations of confidentiality set out in details as follows:

a. All technical or commercial] information, e. g., concerning the business of 17-22 IT SERVICES
disclosed or to be disclosed to USJ-R by or in behalf of 17-22 IT SERVICES in connection
with this agreement will be received and held in confidence by USJ-R and the student concerned
unless and until 17-22 IT SERVICES gives written approval for release of confidentiality;

b. USJ-R will take all reasonable necessary steps to prevent disclosure of the technical or commercial
information and other matters and drawings or other materials, to others and will not disclose the
same to others without prior written consent from 17-22 IT SERVICES.
