University of San Jose-Recoletas

Comer P Loper & Magallanes Streets, Cebu City 6000, Philippines

SERVICE CONTRACT
time College Faculty Member

‘August 1, 2023
MRS. MA. LORNA D. MIRO
‘School of Computer Studies
USHER Cebu Cty

ear Mr. Miro:

The University of San Jose-Recolatos is pleased fo offer you an appointment as PART-TIME FACULTY forthe First
‘Semester of SY 2023-2024 effective August 2023, For services salisfactonly rendered inthis positon, the university
‘agrees fo give due compensation subject to the folowing conditions:

1 Partime appostments are made ona semesial,condtionalbasis and ae contingent upon very atatactory performance based
tn he standards tet by the Unversity, budgel and Cass development winn the cege or Separiment

2 You agree to abe by alle polices, ves, and reqition of he Unwversty of San Jose-Recoletos

3. Yeu agiee to comply with af adminatratve requvements such a8 class atlendance, puncualty, deadings for avemasion of
‘ades, class recon, and other reguirements

‘You possess pertonaity and character which react the Unwersdy's mission slatement

You commt to pertoming your duties to te best cf your koowiedge and ablty in accordance wih the standards set by the
ches

You eosure strct adherence to data prvacy regulations and main the contort of senstve information by safeguarding
the Unversty' data and uphoking data prvacy sandards te proted the confgentalty and integrity ofboth personal Nera
{rd personal tentewe nermaton

‘You tacitate and assist the plementation, montorng, and documentation related tothe Universty's Qualty Management
‘System (GMS) to ensure continuous improvement and fo prom excwlencen processes and academsc services

You rate of pay shallbe at Php 386.28 per unt load how vp to 12 pay-unticads

‘As par ime fact. be mndtul ofthe aries on the Code of Ethles and Sanctions ofthe Faculty Manual to guide you n

YOU eatings with yout co-worhers and the rest otha Iattuton's members. In addon,
Conduct prohieved by Catholic merats such as. but not hmited to, extramarital sexual affairs, sexual relations.
‘between unmarried persons. disgraceful and shameless public splay of ngmacy, homosexvel acts, oe. will
‘Constitute 2 ground forthe termination ofan employee's services and hisher severance trom the service.

You teaching load shat be speciialy indicated io the formal assignment of the Colege as recommended pursuant ta the

‘equrements and eslablahed poles ofthe unversty. Aside fom leaching, you shal partapale in academic acivites ofthe
School which are enumerated inthe Facity Manval

‘Yow ae to tach the entre semester anc shat therefore nck eave the Colage any te before the semester ends in December
2023, ctne-wise, no employment cercalion and ceatance wi be issued upon Your eet

Thos contact shat remain in force forthe ert semesie rom August 2023 to December 2023 and automaticaly expres
Ihe end ofthe semester wenout ned of writen note

{nthe event that you tao abide by the term of is contract and shoud you pre terminate the same of resign from your postion
‘re tothe end ofthe contract. the Univer shal nt save a

‘cersicate of empioyrert in your faver and You shat be table 10

Ths contract may be moses, reve, oF wupplemerted 10 reect efecive changes in employment, Le. recassiication,
bromatens, pay adjustment, et

15 Upon afaing your

recetsary
‘Should you accept the appointment as @ PART-TIME FACULTY MEMBER under the terms and conditions specified
above, please tign on the acceptance line below,

Truly yous,

ui

REV. FR. EDUARDO S. CELIZ, JR., OAR
University President

ACCEPTANCE
| am pleased to accept the appointment as descrived herein.

2023
TATORE

‘Telephone Number (032) 259°7900; Fas (032) 254.1720) Website: Rip Awww way edu ph

CamScanner

