University of San Jose-Recoletos

Comer P Lopes & Magallanes Streets, Cebu City 6000, Philippines

SERVICE CONTRACT
Fulltime College Faculty Member
(Probationary Status)

MS. KHIARA DANIELLE T. RUBIA

Schoo! of Computer Studies

USIIR, Cebu City

Dear Ms, Rubia

‘The University of San Jose-Recoletos is pleased fo inform you of your appoiniment as PROBATIONARY FULL-

TIME FACULTY forthe First Semester of SY 2023-2024 effective August 2023. For services satisfactorty rendered

tris postion, the uniersty agrees to give duo compensation subject to the fllawing conditions

+ Frotanonary ha tee appesrents a made on 4 Keres condilena! Davia and ae coningent yson vary satiny feromanc
[ised er tmestmcaes set by umiery, bape and clas development wali college department

‘You mare 0 abe win a he pokos. nes and regions oft Urveaty of San Jove Racoon

3. Youageeto compiy win al adrennratverequrements such clans endance, punt, daudinws fot autmanin of grades,

4 You posters pertonaty and chavacer whch elect the Univerntys mason slater

You comm a perm your utes 10 Be best of your Knowidge and ait m accordance win the sandards set by te acc

‘You pire tt agrevence 1 dal prwacy tepastons and maetain Pw corteriialy of senative efomavon by satequarsng De

Lovey sata ana ugnlang data pwacy andar 0 protec the confentalty ae weg of DP perio nformaten and perioral

7 You acute ans aust he plementation, montorng, and documentation related to ha Unweraty’s Quay Maragemert Syston:
(GMS) ensure corsnuous mprovernent and 10 premotaercesenon processes and BASE SOMERS

|S Your Banc mantiysatary shal be Twenty Two Thovsend Pesce (Php 22, 000.0) based ont 24 unas oad

8 Axa tantewe tacaty mendes. you ae requeed to devote 40 hours a week i acadeic purus ae uversty wach ince acting
‘rene set comin an sass svg, parol sasore Serer an PHEW nd parce
Covert and commonty sewers

10. Asa habime fauty. be mind of the aces on Code of Ethie ant Sanctions ofthe Faculty Manual fo gia you m your Saat
es you covorters and ie rest ol nattceons members easton,

Conduct prohibited by Catholic morals sueh a, but not limited, ertramartal sexual afar, sexual relations between
‘Enmore persons. sgracell and shameless pubic dlapley of namacy, homoserval acts te. wil ConsUiute ground
{er tre trminavon ofan empsoyee's service amd niher severance tom Dv sevice.

You sraeaate 1 complete your masier's Segue wisn five (8) cenaecutive semesters rom éate of employment you ae not yet 2
nfm your post or nA be corse &

You tng ons lo secnty nan ne uma arr tt Clee a eared pai oe ares

25 esuouses pees of he unvesty Ace Yor lead, Jou mas parccpae 9 acacemic boots of Scho wach we

erumerated ne Facuty Manual, ao"

19° Youre to ea he entre sees ash tee eae th Colege ary ene Before Us semesters December 2023
Gearwan mo empya creaton ong Geena wi fend use Yr eat

‘Taco wean na be we eres om Augen 32 nc 203 an adem exe at dt

15. inte evet Pat yo ao 2808 by eens us contact a shou you preterit hw same of lpn Fam you pasion
‘Sine ent cline carsrac he roveriy ant ct ase ceca of enpoyrert m you avr and you thalbe tbe topay be wea
bra snaur of Pre 10000000 ak cerry re ser hdl Gumages an rembrsemert kr te Wong come nd experaes
‘arredby te urvesty Rerinuomont snob made wan fr (3) ays Pom ere of egnaton & koureo pe e wor
‘us uad be were pepe ary al wn a Pe acho aya pete Bs

16 Tne cont maybe moses revied or wpe orc ei carges in employment, resaeabon. promot,
austent ee ia

17. Upon fre your sgnature here you mandes! at you ave 166d, wndeso0g and shal tay campy wen he den
‘aponoates st» webusonny hana facay ment he surest may tepone adden sighs tsa fs ay oe

roca

‘Should you accept the appointment a& PROBATIONARY FULL-TIME FACULTY MEMBER under the tems and

conditions speciied above, please sign on the acceptance ne below.

Truly yours,
Mota: Heed a8 Fus-ume eftecive September 2022 Ana
‘Thais haher fet sem of probation
REV. FR. EDUARDO S. CELIZ, JR., OAR
University President

ACCEPTANCE
| am pleased to accept the appointment as described herein,

ia q [2] 02s
‘SIGNATURE

Telephone Number (032) 253-7900, Fax (032) 254-1720, Website: hlipwww.usjredu ph

(J CamScanner
