[MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT

‘This Memorandum of Agreement ‘Agreement’ is entered into as of October 2022 by and between

‘Accenture, In. 2 corporation registered and duly existing under the law ofthe Philippines
with office address at 7 floor, Cybergate Tower I, Ploneer St,, Cor. EDSA, 1554
Mandaluyong Cty, Philippines, herein represented by its Senlor Recruiting Manager,
Japhet Paragsa ("Accenture")

sand
University of San Jose Recolets, an institution of higher education duly registered with
‘the Commission on Higher Education, organized and existing under the laws of the

Republic ofthe Philipines, with office address at Corner P. Lopez and Magallanes St,
Cebu City, Cebu, Philipines herein represented by its University President, Rev. Fr.

{ristopher C. Maspara, OAR. (hereafter “the Universit”)

WHEREAS, Accenture, in its alm to enhance the taining and development of the future generation's
professionals, has agreed to collaborate with the University in various activities (hereafter the
Collaboration Activities") and to provide support and assistance to the Unversity in such collaboration

activities;

WHEREAS, the University shall launch various programs and activites in collaboration with Accenture to
benefit its students and to encourage their academic and professional growth

FOR AND IN CONSIDERATION OF the mutual agreements herein, Acenture and University of San ose
Recoletos (hereafter the “University” agree as follows

1

1.

bat

es .

project. Accenture hereby enters int this Agreement with the University for conduct of
‘arious Collaboration Acthities which are aimed at the training and development of the
Inew generation of information technology professionals and to perform such other
‘biigtions 3s may be detaled in any Memorandum of Services ("MOS") which shall be
{tsued in connection with each ofthe Collaboration Activity and subject tothe terms of
this Agreement. An MOS may also set forth addtional obligations ofthe University and
‘ny other terms and conditions, including but not limited to performance criteria, dates.
Of the applicable perlod and other requlrements. The Collaboration Activities shall
Include, but shall not be limited to, OFT of Internship Programs, Campus Recruitment
‘etiities,Learing Sessions, Workshops or seminars and such other activities as may be
‘agreed upon between Accenture and the University, almed at developing and enhancing
the quality of students n order to help make them successful professionals.

‘Accentue ins wiling to support the growing Industry through digital upsilingof the
‘youth. Where virtual Internship Is avable means of support to students, as determined

renter ant om Poe

Scanned with CamScanner
13,

1a,

1s.

A

by the project, students may complete their internship hours virtually. Provided, however

that, al mandated processes of Human Resource and security regulations and policies of
‘Accenture are strictly followed,

Deliverables. The deliverables tobe provided by the Univesity shall be described inthe
Felevant Memorandum of Services ("MOS"). Each MOS shall form part of and be
incorporated into this Agreement. The MOS may set forth additional obligations of the
University and any ofits students participating in any ofthe Collaboration Activities it may
hhave, in addition to such other terms and conditions, including, but not limited to,
performance criteria, dates of the applicable services and other requirements.

‘Accenture may upon ten (10) days prior written notice tothe University, at anytime and
atts sole discretion, terminate, suspend and/or alter any Collaboration Activity, in whole
‘orn part, or may change the locations o facilities forthe activity.

Performance. The University wil undertake and accomplish any Collaboration Activity
‘subject of this Agreement in accordance with standards acceptable to Accenture. In the
course of the Collaboration Activity, the University will maintain liaison with the
appropriate Accenture coordinators specified in the respective MOS or such other
‘Accenture personnel as Accenture may designate. The University may not assign this
‘Agreement to any other person or entity without the express written approval of
‘Accenture

Code of Business Ethles. Accenture is committed to conducting Its busines free from
‘unlawful, unethical or fraudulent activity. All persons dealing with Accenture, Including
the University and is students assgned to Accenture are expected to act In @ manner
<onsstent with the ethical and professional stondords of Accenture as described inthe
‘Accenture Supplier Standards of Conduct, including prompt reporting of unlawful,
{fraudulent or unethical conduct. copy ofthe Supplier Standards of Conduct can be found
‘at ww. accenture.com/SupolierStandardsOfConduct.

‘Accenture has established reporting mechonisms ond prohibits retaliation or other
‘adverse action for reporting violations of these standard. To report a serious concern,
please coll the Accenture Business Ethics Line t +1 312 737 8262, avllable 24 hours @
day, seven days a week (you can reverse the charges) or vst the encrypted website ot
hnetps//ousinessethiesine.com/accentur. You should use the Ethics Line only to make a
‘900d faith claim, Accenture takes al ollegtions seriously

[Ant-Corruption and Compllance with Laws. The University represents and warrants that
itis aware of, understands, has complied with, and will comply with, all applicable US.
and foreign ant-corruption laws including without limitation, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act ("FCPA") and U.K. Bribery Act (ll ofthe foregoing referred to as the “Anti-
‘Corruption Laws").

ach party wil comply with all applicable laws, rules, ordinances and regulations of the
Republic ofthe Pillpines and the state designated in the governing law provision below,

Confidential: Accenture Inc. and University of San Jose Recoletos

ms {O%,

Scanned with CamScanner

‘and with any other jurisdiction in which tacts. Inno event shall either party be obligated
under this Agreement to take any action that it believe, in good fath, would cause it to
bbe in violation of any laws, rules, ordinances or regulations applicable tot.

‘The University wll notify Accenture iit becomes a Public Institution or if a Public Oficial
takes ownership interest. The University allows Accenture to disclose to a client or
{government information related to violations of anticorruption laws or the Agreement.
‘The University certifies that itis unaware of existing or potential conflicts of interest
between itand Accenture.

15.1. Termination Rights. In the event of a breach of any of the representations,
‘warranties, of covenants In Section 15 above, Accenture may, in its sole
discretion and in addition to any other remedies it may have under law or this
‘Agreement, terminate this Agreement immediately. Any claims for payment by
‘the University with regard toa transaction for which such breach has occurred,
Including daims for services previously performed, shall be automatically
terminated and cancelled and all payments previously pad shall be refunded to
‘Accenture by the University. The University shall further indemnify and hold
‘Accenture harmless against any andl calms, losses, or damages arising from or
related to such breach and/or termination ofthis Agreement.

115.2. Audie Rights. During the term of this Agreement and fora period of three (3)
years thereafter, Accenture shall have the right, atts expense, to audit the books
‘and records of the Universit related to Its activites on behalf of orn connection
‘with Accenture, including all charges made and services performed by the
University pursuantto this Agreement and payments (whether in kind or in cash)
made by the University for or on behalf of Accenture.

16. Technleal Direction. “Technical Direction” refers to direction to the University from
‘Accenture which implements this Agreement’s general scope of work (or the MOS, as the
‘ase may be). “Technical Direction” must be confined to such scope of work and will not
‘constitute a change or new assignment, nor supersede or modity any other provision of,
this Agreement. To be valid, technical direction: (a) must be consistent with the general
cope of work et forth in the Addendum A and 8; (b) wilt change the expressed terms,
Conditions oF specications Incorporated Into the Agreement; and () will not constitute
2 basis for either an extension of the schedule or an Increase in the University’s
Compensation. If the University believes any direction exceeds this definition of
“Technical Direction,” the University will notify Accenture in writing within ten (20) days
of receipt of such Technical Direction. The University will be obligated to continue with
performance as directed, or as subsequently modified notwithstanding any dispute as to
“whether the direction exceeds the limitation stated above.

17. Student Assignees. Any student assigned to Accenture for any of the Collaboration

‘Activities bythe Univesity willbe subject to prior approval of Accenture, Accenture wll

hnave the right to review the qualifeations of and interview (in person orby telephone, a.

P practicable) all the students that the University designates to participate In any of the.
Aun — Collaboration Activites under this Agreement.

Confidential: Accenture Inc. and University of San Jose Recoletos

cn (OK.

Scanned with CamScanner

2a

22

23

24

25

26

bye

Further, the Univesity, at Accenture’s request, will move any student asigned to any
ofthe Collaboration Activities hereunder who in the reasonable opinion of Accenture Is
‘not performing satisfactorily, and promptly provide a substitute student satisfactory f°
‘Accenture at Accenture’s option.

nfidental information.

Definition. During the course of the term of this MOA and the Collaboration Activities
which the parties may undertake hereunder, each party may be glven access to
information (in any form) that relates to the other's past, present, and future research,
development, business activites, products, services, and technical knowledge, and which
Isidentified by the discloser as confidential ("Confidential Information”). Information of
‘Accenture’ lens wil also be deemed tobe its Confidential information.

Use. A party may use or make copes of the Confidential Information of the other party
only tothe extent reasonably necessary for purposes ofthis Agreement.

Protection, Ail faculty, employees and students of the University who willhave access to
‘Accenture Confidential Information shall sign a Non-Disclosure Undertaking
Undertaking’). Iti the responsibilty ofthe University to identify individuals who are
reasonably expected to have access to Accenture Confidential information, and the
University guarantees that these individuals wil have signed the Undertaking before any
Information is disclosed to them. The University wil restrict access to Accenture
Confidential information only to individuals who have signed the Undertaking, and
ranting access to anyone ele, whether Intentional intent or not, shall bea considered a
breach ofthis Agreement.

Return. Each party wil return or destroy the other part's Confidential Information ints
possession upon request by the other party, unless otherwise allowed to retain such
Confidential information. Each party may retain cples ofthe other party's Confidential
Information required for compliance with Its recordkeeping or quality assurance
‘requirements (subject tothe terms ofthis Agreement).

‘Exceptions. Nothing in this Agreement will prohibit or limita party's use of Information
including, but not limited to, ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques, and
methodologies) (2) previously known to It without an obligation not to disclose such
information, (b) Independently developed by or fo it without use ofthe information,
{@ acquired by it from a thie party which snot, to the receiver's knowledge, under an
‘obligation not to disclose such Information, or ( whichis or becomes publicly avallable
‘through no breach of this Agreement.

CCompelied Disclosure. Ifthe recelver recelves a subpoena or other validly issued
‘adminlstrative of dill process requesting Confidential Information ofthe other party,
‘twill promptly notify the other party of such receipt and tender tothe other party the
defense of such subpoena or proces. I requested by the other party, the recever will
reasonably cooperate (atthe expense of the other party) In opposing such subpoena or

Confidential: Accenture Inc. and University of San Jose Recoletos

Scanned with CamScanner
process. Unless the subpoena or process is timely limited, quashed or extended, the
‘receiver wil then be entitled to comply with such request tothe extent permitted by law.

2.7 Data Privacy. The parties fully understand and agree to abide by the Data Privacy
Schedule, which is hereto annexed as “Attachment A”, and made an integral part of this
‘Agreement

‘Ownership. All Deliverables prepared by the University and/or Its students for Accenture
pursvantto this Agreement or any MOS issued hereunder willbe owned exclusively by Accenture,
and the University and/or Is students hereby assign to Accenture all rights in such material,
including patent rights and copyrights therein. The University and/or its students further wit
disclose to Accenture all dscoveres, inventions, ideas or techniques ("inventions") made by the
University, Its employees and student assigned in carrying out the Collaboration Activity
hereunder, provided that either the conception or reduction to practice occurs during the term
hereof and in carrying out the Collaboration Activity. All such Inventions willbe the exclusive
property of Accenture. The University will acquire from Its students, employees and agents who
‘may carry out the Collaboration Activity under this Agreement ll such right as may be necessary
So that Accenture will receive the rights hereby agreed to be conveyed and vested in it, free of
‘any claims of such employees and agents. The University wil execute such documents, and
provide such asistance as Aecenture may reasonably request to give fll efect tothe provisions
‘ofthis Section (at Accenture’ expense)

Warranties. The University warrants to Accenture as follows:

4.1, All services provided by the University wil be performed In a good and workmanlike
‘manner in accordance with applicable standards and further warrants

4.4.4. The University shal act towards Accenture conscientiously and in good faith and.
not allow its interests to conflict with the duties it owes to Accenture under this
‘Agreement.

44.2. Except as expressly authorized by Accenture, it will not actin @ way which will
incur any liabilities on behalf of Accenture

443. The University shall use its best endeavors to meet any timetables or timing
requirements imposed by Accenture under this Agreement

4:14, The University expressly agrees that Accenture makes no guarantees to hire or
admit any student which participates in any of the Collaboration Activites Issued
lunder this MOA. The University thus warrants that it will abide by Accenture’s
sole discretion and decision to accept, deny or remove any student put forward
for rerultment by the University for any program.

42. Accenture does NOT warrant or undertake to provide any employment to any student
assignee after the student's completion of any ofthe Collaboration Activities and nothing
In this agreement of any MOS executed hereunder may be construed or Interpreted to
the contrary. The University warrants that It shall NOT make any statements,

Auux— representations or undertakings to this effect to any ofthe students that it shall deploy

to Accenture.

Confidential: Accenture Inc. and University of San Jose Recoletos

MOA Page 5
ve

Scanned with CamScanner
43, No Deliverables wil infringe any patent, trademark, copyright or any other proprietary

right.

44, The University and/or its students will comply at al times with all applicable laws and
regulations of any Jurisdiction in which the University acts, and will provide Accentut
satisfactory evidence of such compliance upon request.

45. The University andor its students will comply at allies with all policies in effect from
time to time at Accenture’s premises or any of Accenture client's premises should they
be provided access thereto.

46. TheUniverstys legally authorized by the Commission on Higher Education (CHED) or any
‘other governmental agency to operate as an education institution of higher learning In
‘the Philipines and to engage in the various Collaboration Activities fr its students inthe
Philippines and will provide Accenture satisfactory evidence of such authority upon
request.

4.7. The University will not use Accentue’s name in any promotional materials or other
‘communications with third partes without Accenture’ prior written consent.

48, This Agreement is personal to the University and it shall not assign, subcontract oF
transfer or purport to assign or transfer this Agreement or Its obligations hereunder to
any other person or entty without the prior written consent of Accenture.

49, The University and/or its students shall not carryout any act or make any omission which
has of could be expected to have an adverse impact on the security of Accenture, any
‘Accenture security system.

4.10, The University warrants that It complies with all applicable Data Privacy Laws and shall
‘ensure that in the event that Accenture processes personal information ofits students of
‘personne! and employees ("Data Subject’, the University has obtained the consent of
the Data Subject in accordance with Data Privacy Laws.

Indemnification

“The Univer wil indemnify and hold harmless Accenture ands affiliates, and thelr partners,

agents, and employees from all ability or expense (including but not ined to reasonable

[ttorney fees and casts of Investigation and defense resulting from (8) bly Ilry to any

person including buttliited tothe student particpting nan ofthe Collaboration Activites

{rcuding injury resulting a death) or damage to property arsng out ofthe performance ofthis

‘Agreement provided such ir or property damages to calmed tobe due tothe nepigence

‘ot wll misconduct ofthe University and/or its students, ts employees or agents (8) any Calm

{hat any Delverable delivered under tis Agreement oF use thereat by Accenture infinges any

«pent, copia trademark ade secret or other proprietary rah of any ti ary nd (e),
yar Milton of applicable Data Privacy laws.

Confidential: Accenture Inc. and University of San Jose Recoletos

Scanned with CamScanner

6 University's Status.

6a.

63.

64.

Aue

Relationship. Nothing herein wil be deemed or construed to create a joint venture,
partnership, agency or employee/employer relationship between the parties for any
purpose, including but not limited to taxes or employee benefits. I is hereby made
express that Accenture Is not and shallnot be deemed as the employer ofthe University’s
students by virtue of any ofthe Collaboration Activities:

‘The University shal be solely responsible for any and all acts or omissions, negligence of
Its students, Where a student assigned in any Collaboration Activity with Accenture is
below legal age, the University shall be jointly and severally Hable with such student's
parents or guardians for any and al ability arising from any at, omision or negligence
of the sald student.

‘Authority. The University will not have any right, power or authority to create any
obligation, express or Implied, or make representation on behalf of Accenture except as
the University may be expressly authorized In advance in writin by Accenture and then
‘only tothe extent of such authorization.

‘No Conflts. The University affirms that tothe best of its knowledge neither it nor its
officers, partners, employees, peemitted subcontractors and/or agents have knowledge
Of any existing ot potential interest In conflict with any Collaboration Activity or this
‘areement and/or any MOS lsued hereunder that could reasonably be considered to (a)
‘negatively impact its partkipation during the Collaboration Activity; (b) eause it or
‘Accenture to volte any law or regulation; or (e) create any appearance of impropriety
{each a “Confict’). If ether party becomes aware of @ Conflict during the term ofthis
‘Rereement, i will promptly bring the matter to the attention ofthe other party and the
partes wll work together to reach a mutually satisfactory resolution; if such mutually
fatisfactory resolution cannot be reached within @ reasonable period of time, not to
tnceed ten (10) business days after ist notice, unless mutually agreed), then Accenture
‘may Immediately terminate this Agreement.

Background Checks.

6:1, Upon Accenture’s request and after fst having secured the written consent of,
the individual concerned, the University wl provide background check results for
any individuals who will be Involved In
‘and will perform the other obligation
terms ofthis Agreement.

64.2. The University wil present ony students whose qualifications meet Accenture’s
requirements for partipation In any of the Collaboration Activites. The
University shall also provide Accenture with reasonable assistance, as requested
by Accenture, throughout the selection process for such students.

Ek pe apterous oan SS ic
petitioners sept wl eed

i fO%.

Scanned with CamScanner
65.

644,

645.

64s.

647.

‘The Universit shall be responsible at all times for compliance wit ll applicable
lemmigration, labor and employment laws and regulations relating to any ofthe
Collaboration Activities including but nt limited to any Recrultment Activity, OT
Program. For thls purpose, the University warrants that thas secured any and
allnecessary permits or lienses to conduct the Collaboration Activites including,
but not limited to ensuring that all required approvals from the CHED have been
secured and that such approvals remaln in force at al relevant times.

Required Training, Where required by Accenture, the University agrees to have
cach student take any required Accenture ethics and compliance training prior to
commencement of ‘nd periodically during their work on an Accenture
tengagement covered by this Agreement. The training should be completed within
‘the timeframe specified by Accenture.

‘Accenture provides such training to the University’s students because such
‘students are required to comply with the Accenture policies and practices
‘covered by the training. Accenture’ provision of training shall in no way change
the status ofthe students or render such students as Accenture employees; nor
does it provide such students any rights or privileges of employment with
‘Accenture, or otherwise ender such students eligible for Accenture employee
compensation or benefits

Where the Collaboration Activity hal avolvean internship or OFT with Accenture
‘ris to be held at Accentute's remiss, the University warrants tat it wil ot
deploy any student who has not been satisfactorly cleared in
backeround/confdential reference check

‘After ist having secured the individual written consent ofthe student or the
‘consent of thelr parent of legal guardian, where the student Is @ minor) the
University shall complete and provide to Accenture a report regarding the
confidential reference check prior to any student's start date verifying the
Completion of such reference check, Accenture eserves the tight to conduct an
independent validation of the background checks conducted by the Univesity or
torelect any student whose reference checks are unacceptable to Accenture.

Non Solictation, The University wil not soit, offer work to, employ, or contract with,
rectly orindirecty, on ts own behalf, any of Accenture’s Personnel or the Personnel of
‘Accenture! afiiates uring thelr partlpation in any Collaboration Activity or during the
‘twelve (12) months after the conclusion of such participation. “Personnel” Includes any
Individual or company Accenture employs or has employed asa partner, employee of
Independent contractor and with which University comes Into direct contactin the course
ofthe Services. However, this Section will not apply to personnel who independently
espond to indirect oliitations (such as general newspaper advertisements,
‘employment agency referrals and Internet postings) not targeting such Personnel.

Confidential: Accenture Ine. and University of San Jose Recoletos

<= {Oe

Scanned with CamScanner
66.

a.

72.

73.

74,

75.

ue

This Agreement shal not be an exclusive arrangement between the parties and nothing
In this Agreement shall prevent Accenture from entering into any other Agreement with
‘other educational institutions.

Tem and Termination

“This Agreement shall be effective fora perod of (3) yeas from October 2022 to October
2025 unless sooner terminated in accordance with tls Agreement. Accenture shall ave
the right to renew this Agreement under the same terms and conditions by Proving
‘written notice at least ten (10) days prior to the expiration date,

written notice identifying

rent for breach of a material
not have cured such

‘Cause. Either party may, upon ving thirty (30) days)
specifically the bass for such notice; terminate this Agreemé
term or condition ofthis Agreement, provided the other party will
breach within the thirty (30) day period.

convenience. Accenture may terminate tis Agreement forts convenience upon try
(G0) days written notice tothe Unversity

af Teminaton, Upon temation ths Aen fr any eso, eon
Etec of Temi Soares ssged to ay Clabraton Acyl dv 2
st a een tad ober mater devoped in comecion with
a nd an eter aes, dacumeration of infomation
ae er, cant er have completed the work tobe performed
a eta prong of hs agement which ae by Wa ature
here tpeaton armani ens wl sure such
Sooner teminaton

pispute Resolution. The partis wll make good faith efforts to first resolve internally any
ispute under this Agreement by escalating It to higher levels of management. Any

pute, controversy, or claim arising out of, relating to, Involving, or having any
omection with this Agreement or otherwise related to the Collaboration Activity,
Including any question regarding the valdty, Interpretation, scope, performance, or
tenforceabilty of this dispute resolution provision, will be exclusively and finally settled by
Srbitraton in accordance withthe arbitration laws of the Philippines. The arbitration will
be conducted in Mandaluyong City, unless the parties agree on another location by three
ybitrators, with each party selecting one arbitrator andthe third selected by both parties.
‘The parties wil be entitled to engage In reasonable discovery, including requests for
production of relevant non-prileged documents. Depostions and interrogatories may
be ordered by the arbitral panel upon a showing of need. All decisions, rulings, and
awards of the arbitral panel will be made pursuant to majority vote of the three
arbitrators. The award will be In accordance with the applicable law, wil be In weiting,
and wil state the reasons upon which Its based. The atbitrators will have no power to
‘modify or abridge the terms of tis Agreement.

Confidential: Accenture Inc. and University of San Jose Recoletos

sours f O%

Scanned with CamScanner
f  ——————————e—

8% Miscellaneous.

8.4, Entre Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entre understanding between the
Barties with respect to It subject matter, and supersedes all prior agreements,
conditions, warranties, representation, arrangements and communications, whether
‘oral or written, and whether with or by Accenture, any ofits affiltes, or any of thet
employees, officers, directors, agents or shareholders. Each party acknowledges that tis
entering into tis Agreement slely onthe bass of the agreements and representations
contained herein, and that It has not relied upon any representations, warranties,
promises, or inducements of any kind, whether oral or writen, and from any souree,
‘other than those that are express contained within this Agreement. Each party
acknowledges that Its 3 sophisticated business entity and that in entering Into this
‘Agreement thas had the opportunity to consult with counsel oft choosing. Nothing
this Agreement i intended or wil be construed to confer on any paty (other than
‘Accenture, the University andthe parties ented to indemnification) any rights, benefits
‘orremedies of any kind, ndno other party willbe deemed to bea third-party beneficiary.

“This Agreement may be executed In any number of counterparts and executed by
electronic communication as agreed or used by the partes, such execution to be
considered an origina forall purposes and all of which together shall constitute one and
the same instrument.

8.2. Modification. This Agreement may not be modified or amended except by the mutual
‘written agreement ofthe parties. Ifa court of competent jurisdiction or arbitral panel
finds any term or provision of this Agreement to be invalid, legal or otherwise
tunenforceable, such term or provision will ot affect the other terms or provisions ofthis
‘Agreement of tis Agreement 2s 2 whole. Such term or provision will be deemed
‘modified tothe extent necessary, in the court's of panel's opinion, to render such term
Cor provision enforceable while preserving to the fullest exten permissible, the intent and
agreements ofthe partis set fort inthis Agreement. Upon such modification, the rights
and obligations ofthe partes will be construed and enforced in accordance with such
‘modification.

83, Notice. Any notice or other communication provided under this Agreement will be in
‘writing and wil be effective elther when delivered personaly to the other party, or five
(5) days following deposit of such notice or communication into the Philippine Postal
System (registered mall return recelpt requested) or upon delivery by overnight delivery
service (with confirmation of deliver), addressed to such party atthe address set forth
below, Either party may designate a diferent address by notice to the other given in
accordance wth this Agreement.

8.4. bly, The Une wl ot or pono any averting puiy tha tat
Crips, her det onde, tut Acer endorse recommen or pees
Univers aeres or dens. The Unter wi not se Acenunés ane oe
trademara nay promotions mates, pes elas, or eter communestone

Guu. third parties without the prior written consent of Accenture, aoe

Confidential Accenture Ine, and University of San Jose Recoletos

en {Wy
;

Scanned with CamScanner
~

85. Waiver. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be effective unless i is in
‘writing and signed by the party against which itis sought to be enforced. The delay oF
failure by elther party to exercise or enforce any of its rights under tis Agreement s not
‘a waiver of that partys right to later enforce those rights, nor will any single or partia!

‘exercise of any such right preclude any other or further exercise ofthese rights or 27Y
‘other right.

86. Governing Law. This Agreement willbe governed by nd construed in accordance with

‘the laws of Philippines, without giving effect to conflict of law rules.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly execute this Agreement as ofthe day and year first above
written.

‘ACCENTURE, INC. University of San Jose Recoletos
By: By:

(Authorized Signature) ‘Authorized Signature)

Aut —

Name: Japhet Paragsa_ du 16, 0AR
Title: Sen er Tile: University President
Date: bate:
“SIGNED IN THE PRESENCE OF:

4 Ye
Torene Chingeuaneeo Te Jove Alden 8. Alipn, OAR

Confidential: Accenture Ine. and University of San Jose Recoletos

MOA Page 11

Scanned with CamScanner
8s,

\Walver. No walver of any provision ofthis Agreement willbe effective ures it ist

ting and signed by the party agalns which Is sought tobe enforced. The delay ox
fallure by ether party to exercise or enforce any of rghts under this Agreement
‘a walver of that partys right to later enforce those rights, nor will any single or partial
exerlse of any such rit preclude any ater or further exercise ofthese igh or 27

other right.

2.6. Governing Law. This Agreement willbe governed by and construed in accordance we
the laws of Philippines, without giving effect to conflict of law rues.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the partes have duly executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above

written.

ACCENTURE, INC.

(authorized Signature)

Mame: Japhet Paragsa
‘Tile: Senior Associate Director

pate: January 16,2025,

University of San Jose Recoletos

By:
(Authorized Signature)

Aue ——
Rev. Fr, Eduardo $, Cell, It, OAR

‘Tile: University President

ate:

SIGNED IN THE PRESENCE OF:

Po

t Gu
Tea ave Ren Alp OAR

Contitenial Accenture Ino. and University of tan Jose Recorenos

Ama tiwe

Scanned with CamScanner
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES.)

—__ss.

BEFORE ME, a notary public for and in City, Philippines this
personally appeared:

Name Competent Date/Place isued
Evidence of Identity
Japhet Paragsa

known to me tobe the same person who executed the foregoing instrument, and they acknowledged #0
‘me the same is thelr free and voluntary at and deed.

WITNESS MY HAND AN NOTARIAL SEAL, on the date and place first above written.

dur
NOTARY PUBLIC
nti December 31,

Page No. =
Book No.

Series of

Confidential: Accenture Inc. and University of San Jose Recoletos
MOA Page 12

Scanned with CamScanner
‘ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

REPUBLICOF THE PHILIPPINES.)
)ss.

BEFORE ME, 2 notary public for and in
personally appeared:

‘ity, Philippines this

Name Competent Date/place issued
Evidence of Identity
Rev. Fr. EDUARDOS. ELIZ. Passport No. June 12,2022/
JR, OAR poss1266c FA Manila
srument, and they acknowledged £0

Known to me tobe the same person who executed the foregoing ins

tne the same is ther free and voluntary act and deed.

WITNESS MY HAND AN NOTARIAL SEAL, onthe date and place fst above written.

oe NOTARY PUBLIC

Until December 3,

oc. No____—
Page No.
Book No.
Series of

Confidential: Accenture Inc. and University of San Jose Recoletos

MOA Page 18

Scanned with CamScanner
