Provide safety instruction throughout the internship period;

Accomplish the necessary forms required by USJ-R in connection with the internship of the student-
trainees;

Issue certificate of completion to student-trainees who successfully finish their training under the
program;

Adopt and enforce rules that will govern the conduct of the program. Said rules shall be made known to
USJ-R and the student-trainees before the start of the training.

B. USJR shall:

I.

hs

oe)

a

Designate a Program Coordinator who will coordinate with WESERV regarding the various
activities/requirements under this program;

Pre-select and recommend student who will undergo on-the-job training under the CORPORATE
INTERSHIP PROGRAM, it being understood that only students taking courses wherein on-the-job

training is an academic requirement for graduation will be recommended:

Send the following student for on-the-job training from:

Date

Start Date | __End
October 12, 2018 March 25, 2019
Intern’s Name Course/Year Days/Time

Albite, Feye Sharlaine E.

l. BSIT —4

2. Alvarado, Vinus Helen BSIT — 4 EEE » : 7. on ; ian,
3. Borces, Shane N. BSIT — 4
4. Calinawan, John Emmanuel BSIT —4

5. Catubig, Jules Van BSIT —4

6. Comabig, Xavier BSIT —4

7. Gelves. Uriel Ian BSIT —4

8. Genson, Ma. Leah Amor P. BSIT —4

9. Go. April Diane BSIT — 4

10. Lao Cubelo, Renae Mikhaela B. BSIT —4

11. Lapiz. Kyle Jimer BSIT —4

12. Real, Stephen McOdie B. BSIT — 4

13. Serion, Cyril Jeremy BSIT —4

14. Visitacion, Randolf S. BSIT —4

Submit to WESERV, the resume and all other documents required under this program, which shall
serve as the basis of WESERV to screen, select and deploy specific students for Internship;

Orient students about rules, proper attitudes, behavior and work ethics inside the internship site;

Monitor attendance, activities and performance of students during the internship program in the
WESERV;

Monitor compatibility of job circumstances with the internship course requirements for the student’s
attainment of advanced standing in the program through regular interaction with the student-trainees

and regular visit to the internship site;

Undertake insurance policy to cover accidental injuries to student-trainees.

. Together with the parents concerned, USJ-R and the individual students, hold WESERV and USJ-R

free from any claims or suit and shall forever defend WESERV and USJ-R from any such claim or suit
whatsoever in connection with this Memorandum of Agreement.

Agree to the obligations of confidentiality set out in details as follows:

ff? wwiy w™ ow w<8 «<< <= i cae

a. All technieal or commercial infarmeting 6 )& amet abe

Lez
