MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT

KNOW ALL BY MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

This Memorandum of Agreement is made and entered into by and between:

SYMPH, INC., a domestic corporation duly organized and existing under and by virtue of the laws of
the Republic of the Philippines, with office address at 18th Floor, Skyrise Building 4, Cebu IT. Park, Barangay
Cebu, Lahug, Cebu City, Cebu, represented herein by LINCOLN LIM, Internship Coordinator, who is duly
authorized to represent it in this transaction, hereinafter referred to as Symph, Inc.,

-and-
The UNIVERSITY OF SAN JOSE — RECOLETOS (USJ-R), an educational institution duly
organized and existing under the laws of the Philippines, with principal office address at Magallanes St., Cebu

City herein represented by REV. FR. EDUARDO S, CELIZ, JR., OAR, University President, who is duly
authorized to represent it in this transaction, hereinafter referred to as USJ-R.

WITNESSETH

WHEREAS, Symph Ine., under the CORPORATE INTERNSHIP PROGRAM, agrees to accept
students of USJ-R as trainees in its various facilities in support for the Industry Linkage Program of USJ-R;

WHEREAS, USJ-R, with the objective of forging Industry-Academe Linkage to complement existing
/ curricula to match industry demand, agrees to endorse their students and provide participants in the said Industry
Linkage Program and train in the Symph Inc..
NOW, THEREEFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing premises, Symph Inc. and USJ-R do hereby
agree to stipulate the following:
A. Symph Inc. Shall:

i. Screen, select and deploy to the different facilities and offices of Symph Inc. students recommended by

USJ-R to undergo on-the-job training under the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM pursuant to

the following conditions:

a. For Information Technology and Information Systems students: Aptdte
minimum of 500 training hours

b. For Computer Science students: minimum of 300 training hours.

2. Designate from among its employees an Industry Supervisor who will be assigned the following
responsibilities:

a. Serve as mentor to the student-trainees;

b. Give the student-trainees course-related work assignments and expose them to learning
experience on actual operations and management;

c. Expose the student-trainees to real situation problems and bottlenecks thus enabling them to
analyze and apply scientific as well as empirical approach to the solution of problems;

d. Arrange a conference with the Program Director when student-trainee problem arises;

A Amthines tc all waned Ae worneerusw. leteio. eslac-amnm wees inbiae Meee be thse Ae Laan
