7.

conduct knowledge transfer activities Tor UsuJ-R Tacuity necessary to perrorm
the activities of the professional course/s.

provide remote access to its computing resources sufficient to perform the
activities related to the professional course/s.

define the use case application/s to be contributed to the PROJECT

lead the conduct of research including drafting and publication of any scientific
discovery or knowledge related to the use case application/s.

introduce advanced topics, such as hyperparameter optimization and
geographic information system (GIS), which are related to the use case
applications and/or the research conduct.

collaborate with USJ-R for future Al-based research and projects.

B. The USJ-R SCS shall:

i.

WON

on

2

assign at least one professional course every term/semester with at least
twenty (20) enrolled IT/CS students.

provide at least one faculty who will commit to handling the course/s.

provide at least twenty (20) desktop computers with internet access.

design the course and draft a syllabus based on the training and/or workshops
provided by DOST-ASTI.

adopt the use case application/s defined by DOST-ASTi in the activities of the
course/s.

collaborate with USJ-R for the ongoing and future Al-based research and
projects.

assist DOST-ASTI in the dissemination of the PROJECT, its Model Store,
and all the knowledge transfer activities from DOST-ASTI by hosting these
events.

ll. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

The provisions of the Philippine Technology Transfer Act of 2009 (R. A. No. 10055) and its
Implementing Rules and Regulations (Joint DOST-IPO A. O. No. 01-2019), as amended, the
Department of Science and Technology Intellectual Property Policy, as amended (DOST
Administrative Order No. 16-2019), and other related laws, rules and policies, shall be deemed
incorporated in this MOA and must, therefore, be complied with by the parties herein.

lll. TERMS OF DATA USAGE

1. Alldata collected from the ASTI-ALaM System shall be transmitted, consolidated, and
stored in the ALaM Model Store server located at DOST-ASTI's High-Performance ~
Computing (HPC) facility.

2. The USJ-R SCS shall have access to the data that will be generated from their
experiments that will be conducted using the ASTI-ALaM System until September

2024

3. The USJ-R SCS shall allow the DOST-ASTI to use their data for the improvement of
the implementation of the succeeding versions of the ASTI-ALaM System until
September 2024.

IV. ASSIGNMENT

No party shall assign this MOA to another party without the prior written consent of the
other. Otherwise, such assignment shall be considered void and shall terminate this MOA.

V. AMENDMENT

No modification or amendment to the terms and conditions of this MOA shall be valid unless
set out in writing and signed by the authorized representatives of the parties. Should there
be an amendment, both parties will notify the other party at least one (1) month in advance.
