4. Provide safety instruction throughout the internship period:

5. Accomplish the necessary forms required by USJ-R in connection with the internship of the student-
trainees; ,

6. Issue certificate of completion to student-trainees who successfully finish their training under the
program;

7. Adopt and enforce rules that will govern the conduct of the program. Said rules shall be made known to
USJ-R and the student-trainees before the start of the training.

B. USJR shall:

1. Designate a Program Coordinator who will coordinate with UniversalTech Inc. regarding the various
activities/requirements under this program

9

2. Pre-select and recommend student who will undergo on-the-job training under the CORPORATE
INTERSHIP PROGRAM, it being understood that only students taking courses wherein on-the-job
training is an academic requirement for graduation will be recommended;

Send the following student for on-the-job training from:

Start Date

-, 2018 _, 2019

Intern’s Name Course/Y ear Days/Time (for both interns)

Mikko Renzo C. Mira BSIT - 4 MTWTHE - 8:00am — 12:00pm

l.
2. Ruzel Dave M. Bacus BSIT — 4 and
3. Daxie Lloyd Ynot BSIT-—4 MTWTHEF - 1:00pm — 5:00pm

3. Submit to UniversalTech Inc., the resume and all other documents required under this program, which
shall serve as the basis of UniversalTech Inc. to screen, select and deploy specific students for Internship;

4. Orient students about rules, proper attitudes, behavior and work ethics inside the internship site;

5. Monitor attendance, activities and performance of students during the internship program in
UniversalTech Inc.;

6. Monitor compatibility of job circumstances with the internship course requirements for the student’s
attainment of advanced standing in the program through regular interaction with the student-trainees and
regular visit to the internship site;

7. Undertake insurance policy to ¢over accidental injuries to student-trainees.

8. Together with the parents concerned, USJ-R and the individual students, hold UniversalTech Inc. and
USJ-R free from any claims or suit and shall forever defend UniversalTech Inc. and USJ-R from any
such claim or suit whatsoever in connection with this Memorandum of Agreement.

9. Agree to the obligations of confidentiality set out in details as follows:

a. All technical or commercial information, e.g., concerning the business of UniversalTech Inc.
disclosed or to be disclosed to USJ-R by or in behalf of UniversalTech Ine. in connection with
this agreement will be received and held in confidence by USJ-R and the student concerned
unless and until UniversalTech Inc. gives written approval for release of confidentiality;

b. USJ-R will take all reasonable necessary steps to prevent disclosure of the technical or commercial
infortiation snd ather mele, ond uc eg aie ;

SS a DS
