5. Provide safety instruction throughout the internship period;

6. Accomplish the necessary forms required by USJ-R in connection with the internship of the student-
trainees;

7. Issue certificate of completion to student-trainees who successfully finish their training under the
program;

8. Adopt and enforce rules that will govern the conduct of the program. Said rules shall be made known to
USJ-R and the student-trainees before the start of the training.
B. USJR shall:

1. Designate a Program Coordinator who will coordinate with SMARTSTART regarding the various
activities/requirements under this program;

2. Pre-select and recommend student who will undergo on-the-job training under the CORPORATE
INTERSHIP PROGRAM, it being understood that only students taking courses wherein on-the-job

training is an academic requirement for graduation will be recommended;

Send the following student for on-the-job training from:

Date End

eyrpary |

Days/Time’

Intern’s Name Course/Y ear

1. Abarquez, Trisha

2. Magdales, Alyssa Marie
3. Ceniza, Edna BSIT —4

4. Cerio, Ace BSIT —4 MTWTHE - 8:00am — 12:00pm

5. Mayola, Wavina Vivienne BSIT -4

6. Solon, Andre Joseph BSIT -4 MTWTHIF - 1:00pm — 5:00pm 3
7. Agura, Arnold BSIT -4

8. Pino, Junard BSIT —4

9. David, Pearl Kate BSIT -—4

3. Submit to SMARTSTART, the resume and all other documents required under this program, which shall
serve as the basis of SMARTSTART to screen, select and deploy specific students for Internship;

4. Orient students about rules, proper attitudes, behavior and work ethics inside the internship site;

5. Monitor attendance, activities and performance of students during the internship program in
SMARTSTART; iv

6. Monitor compatibility of job circumstances with the internship course requirements for the student’s
attainment of advanced standing in the program through regular interaction with the student-trainees and

regular visit to the internship site; =

7. Undertake insurance policy to cover accidental injuries to student-trainees.

8. Together with the parents concerned, USJ-R and the individual students, hold SMARTSTART and USJ-
R free from any claims or suit and shall forever defend SMARTSTART and USJ-R from any such claim
or suit whatsoever in connection with this Memorandum of Agreement.

9. Agree to the obligations of confidentiality set out in details as follows:

a. All technical or commercial information, e.g., concerning the business of SMARTSTART
disclosed or to be disclosed to USJ-R bv or in behalf of SMARTSTART in connection with this
