Comer P Lopez & Magallanes Streets. Cebu City 6000. Philippines.

SERVICE CONTRACT
Part-time College Faculty Member

August 1, 2023

MR. ROY ADRIAN M. SALARES
School of Computer Studies
USLR. Cebu City

Dear Mr. Salares
‘The University of San Jose-Recoletos is pleased o ofr you an appomntment as PART-TIME FACULTY for he First
‘Semester of SY 2023-2024 eMective August 2023, For services satisfactonty rendered in thvs postion, the unwversty
agrees lo give due compensation subject to the folowing conditions:

1 Patime apportmerts tr made on seme constora bana andar contingent upon very stalacioy partomance based

Shine nancnean set ty te omer. bel and dash evelopment wah he cokee or eparement

You spre to atace by athe pohows, es, and reuitons of he Unverny of San Jove Recoltos

3 You ape to comely wen at somnatatne requeements such a8 dass atendanc, punctual, deadines for strain of
Yoder oss cos, and eer rurement

4 You posses a personaly and characte whch reflect the Unvesy’s isin iaerent

ou arent fo petoming you Gites othe Beste your Koowndge and aby i accordance wah tbe standards set Dy Pe

6 Yoveravre strc adherence fo data pvay eguatons and marian th conertiiy of senaive formation by satequarsog
TS USNess nama and uonoting data povacy standards fo ple he conhaentalty nd neg of bth personal nfomaton
Duper sense ntomnaton

acta ond st he mpleriaten mentoeng, and dooumertatio elated to he Unvesty’s Quaty Management

en OMS 1s enaure contre mproverert and rece excelance n processes and Academic Servees

Yorrae ct pty st beat Pp 20.0 per unt oad hor up to 12 pay ank toads.

As a paime lacy. be mind of he artes on the Code of Ethics and Sanctions ofthe Faculty Manual to gade you in

{ur Sesinpa win you co-workers athe feat fs students members, aon
Conduct probitited by Catolc moras sch ax but not limited to, exvamarta serve affairs, sexual relatos
fenveen nmaried persons isqrace/ul and shameless puble splay of itmacy, homoserual acts, et. wil
‘onsute 4 ground forte formation ofan employee's serces and hisher severance iam the service,

10. You tacnng loss aha be spectcay exeated in oral asignment ol the Colege as recommended pursuant 10 the
‘coremens and established poses of he uoversay Aside fom taching, you shall parkopae in academic acts of he
{Shea wren are enumerates ne Facy Manual

11 You ae 0 teach the ene semester ad shal haere et nave the College any ten before the semester ends n December

a2) cinerea employer craton and dearance Wilbe saved upon Four ext

This conerac ha rem in fre fhe entire seme am August 2023 to December 2023 and automaticaly expres at

the esd ete seresier woul ned of wien nice

Inne evert at yout to abide bythe eons hs cotract nd shoul you po teminat the same of resin om your postion

fpr be end oft carr te verity sha las creas Of employment in yout aver and You shal be Sabet

ay te wines thw amour Pp 100,000.09, os deray esse, quate damages, and eenburemert for De

Poh costs and expenses ince by be unweraty Rembursrert shoud be mage wn fe (5) days Fam tencenng of

‘ognaton or fate fo repo for wrk This skal be wahout pepo f ey legal ction tal the school ay ake fo protect Bs

os

14 Ths contrac may be made, revsed, oF supplemented to rect elctva changes in employment ie. reclasfcaton,

promotor, pay actress, et

Upon afsing your sgatue herein you mantes that you have read, understood, and shaft comply wth the dues and

tesponsbaines au a parte Fecal mem. Tha unary may mpote ecdkonal assignments anc tasks x may be

ecnary

‘Should you accep! the appointment as a PART-TIME FACULTY MEMBER under he terms and conditions specified

‘ove, pease sign on the acceptance ine below.

1s

‘Truly yours,
REV. FR. EDUARDO S, CELIZ, JR., OAR
University President

ACCEPTANCE
| am pleased to socept the appointment as described herein.

SEPIEMRES 16,203

OATE

$59 CamScanner
