5. Accomplish the necessary forms required by USJ-R in connection with the internship of the student-
trainees;

6. Issue certificate of completion to student-trainees who successfully finish their training under the
program:

7. Adopt and enforce rules that will govern the conduct of the program. Said rules shall be made known to
USJ-R and the student-trainees before the Start of the training.

B. USJR shall:

1. Designate a Program Coordinator Who will coordinate with PAYRULER regarding the various
activities/requirements under this program:

2. Pre-select and recommend student who will undergo on-the-job training under the CORPORATE
INTERSHIP PROGRAM, it being understood that only students taking courses wherein on-the-job
training is an academic requirement for graduation will be recommended:

Send the following student for on-the-job training from:

, 2019

Intern’s Name Days/Time

ereeevececcensceyyhovcesccovercerecoorrvensceceracensvneting tg

Marlyn Tamayo

1. BSIT — 4
2. Ronn Clarke Natividad

3

4

BSIT — 4
BSIT — 4
BSIT - 4

MTWTHEF - 8:00am — 12:00pm
Harold Dela Cerna MTWTHF - 1:00pm — 5:00pm

Julius Barde

3. Submit to PAYRULER, the resume and all other documents required under this program, which shall
serve as the basis of PAYRULER to screen, select and deploy specific students for Internship;

4. Orient students about rules, Proper attitudes, behavior and work ethics inside the internship site;

7. Undertake insurance policy to cover accidental injuries to student-trainees.

8. Together with the parents concerned, USER and the individual students, hold PAYRULER and USJ-R
free from any claims or suit and shall forever defend PAYRULER and USJ-R from any such claim or
suit whatsoever in connection with this Memorandum of Agreement.

9. Agree to the obligations of confidentiality set out in details as follows:

a. All technical or commercial information, e. g:, concerning the business of PAYRULER disclosed
or to be disclosed to USJ-R by or in behalf of PAYRULER in connection with this agreement
will be received and held in confidence by USJ-R and the student concerned unless and until
PAYRULER gives written approval for release of confidentiality;

b. USJ-R will take all reasonable necessary Steps to prevent disclosure of the technical or commercial
information and other matters and drawings or other materials, to others and wil] not disclose the
same to others without prior written consent from PAYRULER.
