
University of San Jose-Recoletos
Cebu City, Philippines 6000


GUIDELINES ON THE ENTRY OF VISITORS IN THE SCHOOL CAMPUS

June 9-15, 2020




WALK-IN VISITORS:

Only the back gate is open during the period June 9-15, 2020.

The following visitors can be allowed to enter the school campus:
Those claiming documents from the Registrar's Office and Student Affairs Office. The visitor must carry an “Appointment Schedule,” whether printed or digital
Those whose purpose is for Payment of School Fees
Guests of the priests

The vehicles of visitors are not allowed to enter the school campus.

All visitors are required to follow the minimum health standards protocol set by the University.  Upon entering the campus, every visitor shall adhere to the following:
Wearing of face mask
Body Temperature check
Step on the footbath
Sign up in the logbook
Note: Before signing the logbook, the visitor shall do hand sanitizing first.
Physical distancing 

All visitors shall follow the one entrance/one exit policy during the course of transaction with the concerned office.

The visitor shall only be allowed to go to his/her concerned office and shall go out of the campus immediately after transacting with the office.

SUPPLIERS:

Suppliers are allowed to enter the school campus provided they have permission from the offices concerned.

The driver of the supplier's vehicle shall submit for wheels disinfection.

The one entrance/one exit policy shall be strictly observed by all supplier vehicles going to the parking area.

The driver and passengers are required to disembark and comply with the following:
Body temperature check
Wearing of face mask
Step on the footbath
Sign in the log-book

Note:  Only the driver can re-embark to the vehicle to bring it to the parking area for the unloading of supplies.  The rest of the passengers shall take a walk inside the school campus, and should observe physical distancing as well as the one entrance/one exit policy.

The driver and passengers are only allowed to go to the office concerned and shall go out of the campus immediately after their transaction.

All passengers of the supplier’s vehicle need not take a walk in going out of the campus.  They can re-embark in the vehicle at the parking lot before going out of the campus.  

The supplier's vehicle shall be subject to inspection before going out.

THIRD-PARTY CONTRACTORS:

Workers of contracting parties with permission from the Campus Planning Office are allowed to enter the school campus. A list of these workers should first be submitted to the Head of the Safety and Security Department at least two (2) days before the scheduled work for proper information dissemination to the security guards on duty.

No vehicles of contracting parties are allowed to enter the school campus except those bringing materials to be used in the construction.

All workers of the contracting parties must be appropriately dress up, wearing their company uniform and ID upon entering the school campus.

All workers of the contracting parties shall submit themselves for the following:
Body temperature check
Wearing of face mask
Step on the footbath

All workers of the contracting parties shall observe the one entrance/one exit policy of the University in going to the assigned construction site and in going home.

The workers are expected to stay in the campus from 8 am – 5:00 pm; they are not allowed to go out of the campus during this period.

No workers of the contracting parties are allowed to go to areas in the campus other than the assigned construction site even during the break time.

All workers of the contracting parties are required to bring their food provision and water consumption for the day since they are not allowed to go out of the school campus.  Likewise, they are not allowed to go to any other place while inside the campus.

Comfort rooms may be assigned solely to a group of workers of the contracting parties depending on the location of their construction site.  These comfort rooms should not be used by any personnel or READS in the campus.

All workers of the contracting parties shall always wear face masks, and observe physical distancing, proper respiratory etiquette, and sanitation practices while on duty inside the school campus.  A safety officer shall be assigned to every contracting party to ensure their compliance with the minimum health and safety standards of their respective employees.
