



WORKPLACE HEALTH AND SAFETY CONTINGENCY PLAN

In compliance with government’s declarations relative to Health Standards and Safety Protocols in line with the COVID-19 pandemic specifically Department of Education (DepEd) Order No. 14, series of 2020, Commission on Higher Education (CHED) Advisories, the Department of Health (DOH), the Cebu City government, the Inter-Agency Task Force for the Management of Emerging Infectious Diseases (IATF), the University hereby implements the following guidelines to ensure the protection of the health, safety, and well-being of learners, teachers, personnel, and other stakeholders.   

Mandatory wearing of masks in public places and workplaces:
Face masks must be worn at all times and removed only when eating or drinking;
Everyone shall adhere to the “no mask, no entry” policy.
Employers shall provide the appropriate face masks for workers; and
Whenever cloth masks are used, the washable type shall be worn but additional filter material such as tissue papers inside the masks may be added.

A Health Declaration Form must be accomplished by all employees and submitted to the guard or designated safety officer prior to entry: 
For any personnel with temperature exceeding 37.5 degrees Celsius, even after a five- minute rest, or if the response in the questionnaire needs further evaluation by the clinic/medical staff, the employee shall be isolated in the triage and not allowed to enter its premises;
The triage should be well-ventilated and disinfected frequently;
Clinic staff assigned to assess the workers held in the triage shall be provided with appropriate medical grade PPEs by the establishment which shall include, but not limited to, face masks, goggles, face shields, and gloves; and disinfectant foot baths are to be provided at the entrance if practicable; and
Should there be a long queue outside the office or store premises, physical distancing of one meter should still be observed.

Hand washing/sanitizing stations must be available in places frequented by the public or those in high-touch areas:
All washrooms and toilets must have sufficient clean water and soap;
Sanitizer must be made available in corridors, conference areas, elevators, stairways and areas where workers pass; and
All work areas and frequently handled objects such as door knobs and handles, shall be cleaned and disinfected regularly, at least once every two hours.

Mandatory physical and social distancing measured at least one (1) but preferably two (2) meters between individuals in the workplace:
Eating in communal areas is discouraged. It is best to eat in individual work area and all wastes shall be disposed properly;
If eating in individual work areas is not possible, the employer shall ensure that physical distancing is maintained in dining areas with one worker per table and one-meter distance per worker;
Conversation without masks during meal times is discouraged;
Tables and chairs shall be cleaned or disinfected before and after every use of the area and before as well as at the end of the work day; and
Canteens and kitchens should be cleaned and disinfected regularly.

Minimum contact shall be observed:
The University has adopted a Work from Home (WFH) arrangement.  During the Enhanced Community Quarantine (ECQ) and Modified Enhanced Community Quarantine (MECCQ), the work arrangement shall be WFH.  Under the General Community Quarantine (GCQ) or Modified General Community Quarantine (MGCQ), the work arrangement shall be a blend of physical reporting and WFH.
Prolonged face-to-face interaction between workers and clients are discouraged and masks shall be worn at all times;
Meetings needing physical presence shall be kept at a minimum number of participants and with short duration. The use of online communication platforms and tools such as Zoom, Google Meet or Videoconferencing  shall be utilized for lengthy discussions among workers;
Office tables should be arranged in order to maintain proper physical distancing;
Workstation layout should be designed to allow for unidirectional movement in aisles, corridors or walkways;
The number of people inside an enclosed space, such as the rooms or stores, shall be limited.
Elevator use should consider physical distancing and limit the number of persons inside;
Use of stairs is encouraged and if there are two accessible stairways, one stairway may be used exclusively for going up and another for going down;
Online systems is highly encouraged and shall be utilized for clients needing assistance from offices including the use of videoconferencing; and roving officers shall always ensure physical distancing and observance of minimum health protocols.
If the need arises and as per management prerogative, all on-site workers may be tested for Covid-19 testing (including rapid and antibodies testing) and all kits, personal protective equipment, or testing laboratories or facilities towards the testing of the employee shall be shouldered by the company or through other means available.

In the event that a worker is suspected as having COVID-19, the following shall be observed:
The worker shall immediately proceed to the triage and his/her mask must never be removed;
Clinic personnel attending to the workers should wear appropriate PPEs and if needed, the worker must be transported to the nearest hospital. Company protocols for transport of suspect COVID-19 cases and for PCR testing shall be in place.
Decontamination of workplace must be done, to wit:
Workplace shall be decontaminated with appropriate disinfectant (e.g. chlorine bleaching solution and 1:100 phenol based disinfectant);
Work may resume after three days, reckoned from time of decontamination;
Workers present in the work area with the suspect COVID-19 worker shall undergo a 14-day home quarantine with specific instructions from clinic staff on monitoring of symptoms and possible next steps; and
If suspect COVID-19 worker has negative swab test results, he and his co-workers may be allowed to report back to work with Medical certificate clearance from their attending physician. 

In the event that a worker is sick or has fever but is not suspected to have COVID-19 (i.e. urinary infection, wound infection, or any diseases not related to lungs or respiratory tract) the employer must advise the worker to take prudent measures to limit the spread of communicable diseases, as follows:
Stay at home and keep away from work or crowds;
Take adequate rest and take plenty of fluids;
Practice personal hygiene to prevent spread of disease; and
Seek appropriate medical care if there is persistent fever, when difficulty of breathing has started, or when the worker becomes weak.

Personnel needing treatment or any healthcare services from the clinic will get an appointment through online or may contact clinic staff ahead of time. They may also visit the FB page, USJ-R Medical & Dental Services or call 2537900 local 216 (main campus), 4179500 loc. 208 (Basak Campus). 

The placement of relevant on-site signages and online information materials bearing reminders to practice physical distancing, regular hand washing and sanitizing, medical and health information, updates on local cases and initiatives of the government as well as directions to the appropriate hand washing and sanitizing stations, testing stations or facilities, quarantine facilities, and other such information.

A safety officer is designated to monitor compliance with the provision of this Executive Order and existing regulations.

Reconfiguration of work places, classroom spaces, provision of markers in public places, and disinfection protocols shall be undertaken. 

A “One Entrance, One Exit” policy shall be implemented.  There shall be foot baths in all entrances.  

Mass gatherings are prohibited.  Employees are also discouraged to eat in communal areas and to engage in conversation, as well as prolonged face to face interaction with co-employees and clients/guests. Meetings needing physical presence must also be avoided.

The University shall continue to provide transportation services to prevent exposure of personnel to other commuters.

Before work/class resumption, teachers, students, and employees shall undergo pre-conditioning by the Student Development and Placement Center (SDPC).Employees needing psycho-social support may be referred by the Heads of Office to the SDPC.

To help mitigate the risks faced by the garbage collectors there shall be a mandatory disinfection of all types of wastes before they are primed for garbage collection.

The implementation, monitoring, and maintenance of a planned schedule for pedestrians traveling to and from their respective workplaces in coordination with private sector entities within the local government’s territorial jurisdiction and if possible or applicable, the chartering of various means of transporting workers to and from their respective destinations.

WORKPLACE – SPECIFIC HEALTH CONTINGENCY PLAN
Food Service Workplaces (CANTEEN)
Resume operations with take-out/delivery service only;
Cut back on food items and temporarily discontinue buffets and salad bar service;
Create more spaces in the dining area and maintain two-meter distances between tables when dine-in service resumes;
Provide disposable (non-shared) menu booklets;
Provide alcohol-based wipes for patrons and/or touchless soap dispensers in wash areas;
Promote contactless service for dine-in patrons;
Provide disposable cutlery and wash non-disposable cutlery with effective soap solutions on warm water;
Mark spacing distances in food centers with queue lines; and
Frequently disinfect common spaces.

Offices in Buildings (Offices, Buildings, Lecture Rooms, Laboratory Rooms, Chapel)
Limit the number of people who use elevators;
Put markers on carpets and other flooring materials to create visual boundaries around desks, plexiglass shields between desks that face each other and signs that direct walking traffic in a single direction;
Tape off areas to promote physical and social distancing – especially in elevators; and
Discourage physical meetings and implement online/live stream methods of communication.  

Suppliers   
Suppliers are allowed to enter the school campus provided they have permission from the offices concerned.
The driver of the supplier's vehicle shall submit for wheels disinfection.
All supplier vehicles shall follow the one entrance/one exit policy for vehicles that are going to the parking area.
All passengers and the driver shall disembark for the following:
Body temperature check
Wearing of face mask
Step on the footbath
Sign in the log-book
Observe physical distancing while inside the school campus

Note:  Only the driver can re-embark to the vehicle to bring it to the parking area for the unloading of supplies.  The rest of the passengers shall take a walk inside the school campus following the one entrance/once exit policy for individuals.

The driver and passengers are only allowed to go to the office concerned and shall go out immediately after their transaction.
All passengers of the supplier’s vehicle may not take a walk in going out of the campus.  They can re-embark in the vehicle at the parking lot before going out.  
The supplier's vehicle shall be subject to inspection before going out.

Third Party Contractors
Contractors must submit a list of workers to the Head of the Safety and Security Department before the commencement of work.  
All workers must wear the prescribed clothing of the Department of Labor and Employment Occupational Safety and Health Center;
All workers of the contracting parties shall submit themselves for the following:
Body temperature check
Wearing of face mask
Step on the footbath
Sign in the logbook
All workers of the contracting parties shall observe the one entrance/one exit policy of the University in going to the assigned construction site and in going home.
Going out of the campus for workers of the contracting parties is not allowed.  It is expected that they will stay on the campus from 8:00 am to 5:00 pm.
No workers of the contracting parties are allowed to go to areas on the campus other than the assigned construction site.
All workers of the contracting parties are required to stay in the working areas where they are assigned during the break.
All workers of the contracting parties are required to bring their provision for the day.  They are also requested to bring water for their consumption during the day since they are not allowed to go to any other place and go out of the school campus.
Comfort rooms may be assigned solely to a group of workers of the contracting parties depending on the location of their construction site.  This comfort rooms should not be used by any personnel or READS in the campus.
All workers of the contracting parties shall always wear face masks, observe physical distancing, proper respiratory etiquette, and sanitation practices while on duty inside the school campus.  A safety officer shall be assigned to every contracting party.
A Safety Officer must be assigned to ensure compliance with safety standards and quarantine protocols;
All workers’ status on-site and off-site, are properly noted at all times by the safety officers;
Adjust on-site and production schedules and break times shall be conducted in a staggered manner;
Conduct consultative dialogues between owners, managers, supervisors, and construction workers and agree on collaboratively determined work and/or production schedules;
Provide in-house arrangements for on-site employees;
Disinfect quarters and transport service for off-site employees;
Provide mechanisms for work-site mobility and transportation limit the use of co-workers’ tools and equipment;
Monitor and implement individualized shifts for the use of equipment, vehicles, tools, and other construction materials;
Monitor and plan equipment and material deliveries;
Disinfect all cargo before use, involved staff should also properly disinfect before entering the jobsite;
Prohibit entry of all non-essential workers in the jobsite;
Limit business-related travelling unless necessary;
Properly dispose infectious wastes such as PPEs and other waste products coming from outside the construction premises;
Prohibit gatherings, liquors and merry-making inside the construction side premises;
Limit errands outside the construction side and the number of personnel running errands must be limited, they must also be properly disinfected, and closely monitored for symptoms within 14 days upon re-entry; 
No vehicles of contracting parties are allowed to enter the school campus except those bringing materials to be used in the construction; and

Follow the COVID-19 Protocols for Construction Sites Workers Safety and Security set forth by Philippine Constructors Association Inc., dated 25 April 2020, as well as the Guidelines set forth by the Department of Public Works and Highways.

These guidelines shall take effect immediately and shall be in force until the public health emergency has been lifted and subject to the pronouncements of the City Government and/or appropriate government agencies. 



					REV. FR. CRISTOPHER C. MASPARA, OAR
					University President






