








DATA CONNECTIVITY ALLOWANCE POLICY 


PURPOSE: 

This policy is established to provide specific guidelines in granting data connectivity allowance to eligible employees of the University while Cebu City is under Enhanced Community Quarantine (ECQ), Modified ECQ (MECQ), and General Community Quarantine (GCQ)


POLICIES AND PROCEDURES

The University grants data connectivity allowance only to eligible employees while Cebu City is under ECQ, MECQ, and GCQ. 

Eligible employees include the following: 

Full-time and part-time faculty with at least three (3) load units for the duration of the ECQ, MECQ, and GCQ.  

Full-time and part-time faculty undergoing training for the opening of the school year. For purposes of load units, faculty training is equivalent to three (3) load units. 

Office Professionals (OPS) and Academic Non-Teaching Faculty (ANTF) whose functions qualify to have a Work-from-Home (WFH) arrangement as determined by their respective immediate heads. 

An eligible employee loses his/her privilege of a data connectivity allowance if that employee opted to use school facilities in the delivery of his/her task. 

It is expected that the Office Heads will inform in writing to the Offices of the Vice Presidents for Finance and /or Academics/Administration if there are changes in the designated workspace of his/her personnel. 







The data connectivity allowance is given every 15th of the month upon the written recommendation of his/her office head and approval of the respective Vice Presidents. To give ample time for processing of the allowance, the approved recommendation shall be submitted to the Accounting Office not later than the 8th day of each month. 

The data connectivity allowance is given as follows (tax-free) 

Full-time and part-time faculty with load units during ECQ, MECQ, and GCQ shall be given   800 per month good for 24 units. A pro-rata allowance is given based on his/her load units or teaching load. (e.g. if 3 units, 3/24* 800 =  100)

Eligible OPS and ANTF are also given with  800 monthly data connectivity allowance. 

Employees are encouraged to maximize the use of their data allowance in accordance with his/her assigned tasks. Watching high definition video streaming is discouraged.  Inappropriate and unlawful use of data connectivity should be dealt with accordingly. 

Substitute teachers for less than a month shall not qualify for the data connectivity allowance. 

Should the University enter into an agreement with a Telco to provide load data, the allowance will be converted into an equivalent 8GB open access data subject to pro-rata depending on the load units assigned during the term. 

The monetary allowance does not form part of the employees’ gross compensation income for purposes of 13th month computation, SSS, and PHIC employers’ contributions. 

The data connectivity allowance may be extended, subject for further assessment, even if Cebu City is under Modified GCQ. 




Rev Fr. Cristopher C. Maspara, OAR
President




