Aone of

December 13, 20 18

- Sense
P Pe a a $ Pesca - iia
Reverend Fathe! RR PRESIDEN) Oo UFFICE |
President .
49 Othe i
University of San Jose-Recoletos Pf cum
Magallanes Street. Cebu City. Philippines Receives sy, ee. aa
3 Tims: 4.02 Ai |
“Treinen tee Meme

Dear Reverend Father Maspara:

lam pleased to inform you that the U.S. Department of State’s Regional Englisl

1 Language Office is
planning in collaboration with Vaur institution to hol

d Professional Development workshops al a
conference for English teachers and students from USI-R. University of the Philippines - Cebu. and other
schools in Cebu. USJ-R has been selected as the venue for the event in consultation with Dr. Glenn
Pajares. Dean of the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences and College of Arts and Sciences at USER,
We have scheduled the conference. which will be attended by 80 teachers and other invited guests. for
January 31° and February I, 2619. The workshops and presentations will be del

ivered by 46 participants
in our English Lang

uage Fellow Program. including Taraji Belaacem who is currently teaching at USJ-R.
The purpose of the conference is to provide the attendees with professional instruction on current trends,
methods, and techniques for teaching the English language.

lor your awareness. English Language Fellows are U.S, Eniglish-L_anguage teaching professionals on
teaching assignments at universities and other academic institutions around the world. Their assignments
are 10-month full-time positions, and the Fellows hold graduate degrees in English-Language Teaching
and have classroom teaching expericnes.

We are confident that the teachers and students from USJ-R. University of u
other schools in Cebu will greatly benefit from attending this conference. wi
outstanding opportunity for Professional Development.

ve Philippines - Cebu, anid
vich offers them an

My stalfand I look forward to working closely with Dean Pajares and other USJ-R officials and staff on

this very important event for the community of English-Language teachers and learners in Cebu.

If vou have any questions. please don’t hesitate to contact me at: Samuels! Lastate.gov or 0908-8866697,

Sincerely,
} “ a Y
‘ ee tire ae
F “Ett i fe — oe

Harold Samuels

Regional English Language Officer
U.S. Embassy

Manila, Philippines
