2.10.

2.12.

2.13.

2.14.

2.15.

216,

Secure written permission from CHED, if applicable, before making changes in
the approved engagements;

Repay all financial support extended to the LEAD HEI to the CHED in case the
LEAD HEI is proven to have used funds for purposes other than those indicated
in the approved Work and Financial Plan;

Establish fair and equitable arrangements with other HEls who will be co-
collaborators (if any) regarding the use of funding, set in place with their own
Agreements:

Ensure that team members in the project are:
a. compliant with the minimum eligibility requirements of the Grant;
b. of good moral character;
c. able and willing to undertake the research/ project; and
d. cognizant and are accepting the commitment.

Ensure that all outcomes of the CPE Program be compliant with the terms of the
pertinent University Research Board (URB), Institutional Research Committee
(IRC), and Ethics committee, to ensure the highest standards of ethics and safety;

Comply and coordinate with the CHED for any monitoring visit or presentation
during the duration of the project:

Fulfill all other terms and conditions of the Grant and other relevant provisions as
indicated in CMO No. 72, series of 2017 as amended by CMO No. 3, Series of
2020, and all other CHED rules and regulations already issued and will be issued
in the future; and acknowledges that failure to fulfill the Terms and Conditions
stated in CMO No. 72, series of 2017 as amended by CMO No. 3, Series of 2020
and in this Agreement shall result in administrative or criminal action, and shall
disqualify the LEAD HEI from any other grants awarded by the CHED.

ARTICLE Il
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

Ownership and enjoyment thereof arising from this project shall be governed by the applicable
provisions of RA 10055 (An Act Providing the Framework and Support System for the
Ownership, Management, Use, and Commercialization of Intellectual Property Generated
from Research and Development funded by Government and for other purposes), and
Republic Act 8293 (An Act Prescribing the Intellectual Property Code and Establishing the
Intellectual Property Office, Providing for Its Powers and Functions, and for Other
Purposes) including their respective Implementing Rules and Regulations, as well as existing
and future policies of the CHED on Intellectual Property Rights such as but not limited to the

following:

1. Any publication arising from the activities undertaken by virtue of and pursuant to this
Agreement shall clearly establish and identify the Parties as the source of the output and
Grant,respectively;

2. All reports arising from activities undertaken by virtue of and pursuant to this Agreement
shall be made in the name of the Parties, as source of the output and Grant,

