5. Provide safety instruction throughout the internship period;

6. Accomplish the necessary forms required by USJ-R in connection with the internship of the student-
trainees;

7. Issue certificate of completion to student-trainees who successfully finish their training under the
program:

8. Adopt and enforce rules that will govern the conduct of the program. Said rules shall be made known to
USJ-R and the student-trainees before the start of the training.

B. USJR shall:

1. Designate a Program Coordinator who will coordinate with 1&1 INTERNET (PHILS.) INC regarding
the various activities/requirements under this program;

2. Pre-select and recommend student who will undergo on-the-job training under the CORPORATE
INTERSHIP PROGRAM, it being understood that only students taking courses wherein on-the-job
training is an academic requirement for graduation will be recommended;

Send the following student for on-the-job training from:
| Start Date Date End
|
| ;
| sou 2088 to SEs May Goi ggOno |
Course/Y ear Days/Time | |
BSIT — 4 | MTWTHE - 8:00am — 12:00pm
| MTWTHF - 1:00pm — 5:00pm

3. Submit to 1&1 INTERNET (PHILS.) INC, the resume and all other documents required under this
program, which shall serve as the basis of 1&1 INTERNET (PHILS.) INC to screen, select and deploy
specific students for Internship;

4. Orient students about rules, proper attitudes, behavior and work ethics inside the internship site;

5. Monitor attendance, activities and performance of students during the internship program in 1&1

INTERNET (PHILS.) INC;

Monitor compatibility of job circumstances with the internship course requirements for the student’s
attainment of advanced standing in the program through regular interaction with the student-trainees and
regular visit to the internship site;

. Undertake insurance policy to cover actidental injuries to student-trainees.

. Together with the parents concerned, USJ-R and the individual students, hold 1&1 INTERNET (PHILS.)

INC and USJ-R free from any claims or suit and-shall forever defend 1&1 INTERNET (PHILS.) INC
and USJ-R from any such claim or suit whatsoever in connection with this Memorandum of Agreement.

Agree to the obligations of confidentiality set out in details as follows:

a. All technical or commercial information, e€.g., concerning the business of 1&1 INTERNET
(PHILS.) INC disclosed or to be disclosed to USJ-R by or in behalf of 1&1 INTERNET
(PHILS.) INC in connection with this agreement will be received and held in confidence by
USJ-R and the student concerned unless and until 1@1 INTERNET (PHILS.) INC gives
written approval for release of confidentiality;

% Fro wiwe ..*%%;,.t 84

