C. RED TRIDENT GAMES and USJ-R further agree that:

l. Itis expressly understood that there will be no employer-employee relationship between RED TRIDENT
GAMES and the Student-trainees of USJ-R;

2. Under no circumstances Shall Student-trainees of USJ-R, look to RED TRIDENT GAMES as employer,
Partner or agent. Neither Student-trainees of USJ-R, shall be entitled to any benefits accorded to
company’s employees, such as worker’s compensation, vacation leave, and among others. RED
TRIDENT GAMES Shall be responsible for providing, at its expense and in its name, licenses and
permits usual or necessary for conducting the training.

injury to third persons, which maybe occasioned by their intentional or negligent acts while in the course
of their training;

4. The student trainees and the USJ-R Program Coordinator Shall abide with RED TRIDENT GAMES
rules and regulations and comply with those imposed under the program; otherwise they shall be excluded
from further participation:

5. RED TRIDENT GAMES reserves the right to discontinue the on-the-job training of any Student-trainee
upon prior notice to US] -R;

6. USJ-R may pull out any student-trainee from the CORPORATE IN TERSHIP PROGRAM upon prior
written notice to RED TRIDENT GAMES.

7. Before the student shall be allowed to undergo the on-the-job training under this contract, the student, of

legal age, shall execute a waiver renouncing and waiving any claim against RED TRIDEN T GAMES
and USJR for any personal injury or pecuniary loss that the students may sustain or suffer in the
performance of their duties and functions while under the on-the-job training. Meanwhile if the student

10. That both Parties shall exert al] efforts necessary to achieve the objectives of this joint undertaking:

11. That neither of the parties shall be liable in any way for the failure to observe or perform any provision

12. Should there be any disputes which remain unresolved, USJ-R and RED TRIDENT GAMES agree to
seek relief in the Proper courts of Ceby C

ity only.

D. Intellectual Property Rights , hee

All rights in any data, information, specifications, records, reports, techniques, methodologies, and drawings
whether recorded on Paper or in electronic form, and models, all resulting from performance of a Project shall be
the property of RED TRIDENT GAMES. Each trainee wil] assign copyright, patent rights and any other
intellectual Property rights in the same to RED TRIDENT GAMES and, at the cost of RED TRIDENT
GAMES, to do all acts and sign all documents necessary to vest or more securely vest in RED TRIDENT
GAMES the intellectual property rights.

E. Duration

\
»
