5. Accomplish the necessary forms required by USJ-R in connection with the internship of the student-
trainees;

6. Issue certificate of completion to student-trainees who successfully finish their training under the
program;

7. Adopt and enforce rules that will govern the conduct of the program. Said rules shall be made known to
USJ-R and the student-trainees before the start of the training.

B. USJR shall:

1. Designate a Program Coordinator who will coordinate with DNI regarding the various
activities/requirements under this program;

2. Pre-select and recommend student who will undergo on-the-job training under the CORPORATE
INTERSHIP PROGRAM, it being understood that only students taking courses wherein on-the-job
training is an academic requirement for graduation will be recommended;

Send the following student for on-the-job training from:

Start Date

Date End

, 2018

, 2019

Intern’s Name Course/Y ear Days/Time
Arcillas, Mischa Alexa BSIT —4
Egdamin, Janien BSIT — 4 MTWTHEF - 8:00am — 12:00pm
. Barde, Julius BSIT -4 MTWTHEF - 1:00pm — 5:00pm
. Alcoseba, Jan Michael BSIT — 4
. Barrina, Dave BSIT — 4
. David, Michael Steven BSIT — 4 |
3. Submit to DNI, the resume and all other documents required under this program, which shall serve as

4. Orient students about rules, proper attitudes, behavior and work ethics inside the internship site;

the basis of DNI to screen, select and deploy specific students for Internship;

5. Monitor attendance, activities and performance of students during the internship program in DNI;

6. Monitor compatibility of job circumstances with the internship course requirements for the student’s
attainment of advanced standing in the program through regular interaction with the student-trainees
and regular visit to the internship site;

7. Undertake insurance policy to cover accidental injuries to student-trainees.

8. Together with the parents concerned, USJ-R and the individual students, hold DNI and USJ-R free from
any claims or suit and shall forever defend DNI and USJ-R from any such claim or suit whatsoever in
connection with this Memorandum of Agreement. :

9. Agree to the obligations of confidentiality set out in details as follows:

a. All technical or commercial information, e.g., concerning the business of DNI disclosed or to
be disclosed to USJ-R by or in behalf of DNI in connection with this agreement will be
received and held in confidence by USJ-R and the student concerned unless and until DNI
gives written approval for release of confidentiality;

b. USJ-R will take all reasonable necessary steps to prevent disclosure of the technical or
commercial information and other matters and drawings or other materials, to others and will not

disclose the same to others without prior written consent from DNI.

2"
+

5
