MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT

KNOW ALL BY MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

‘This Memorandum of Agreement is made and entered into by and between:

ARIELUS SOFTWARE INC. domestic corporation duly organized and existing under and by virtue
‘ofthe laws ofthe Republic of the Philippines, with office address at 3F Centro Maximo I Building D. Jakosalem
St, Cebu City, represented herein by MS. CARLY ROSE LIBRANDO, Project Manager, who is duly
‘tuthorized to represent it in this transaction, hereinafter refered to as ARIELUS.

and
‘The UNIVERSITY OF SAN JOSE ~ RECOLETOS (USJ-R), an educational institution duly
‘organized and existing under the laws ofthe Philippines, with principal office address at Magallanes St, Cebu

City herei represented by REV. FR. CRISTOPHER C. MASPARA, OAR, University President, whois duly
tuthorized to represent it inthis transaction, hereinafter referred to as USI.

WITNESSETH

WHEREAS, ARIELUS, under the CORPORATE INTERNSHIP PROGRAM, agrees to accept
‘students of USJ-R as trainees ints various facilities in support forthe Industry Linkage Program of USI-R;

WHEREAS, USUR, with the objective of forging Industry-Academe Linkage to complement existing
‘curricula to match industry demand, agrees to endorse their students and provide participants inthe said Industry
Linkage Program and tain inthe ARIELUS company.
NOW, THEREEFORE. for and in consideration ofthe foregoing premises, ARIELUS and USI-R do hereby
agree to stipulate the following:
‘A. ARIELUS Shall:
1. Sereen, select and deploy tothe different facilites and offices of ARIELUS students recommended by
'USI-R to undergo or-he-jb training under the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM pursuant to
the following conditions

4 For Information Technology and Information Systems students:
‘minim of 0 erating hours

For Computer Science students: minimum of 300 training hours.

2. Designate from among its employees an Industry Supervisor who will be assigned the folowing
responsibilities

Serve as mentor to the stadet-trainees:

1. Give the studentirainees course-elated work assignments and expose them to learning
‘experience on actual operations and management;

‘& Expose the student-trainees 1 real situation problems and bottlenecks thus enabling them 10
analyze and apply scientific as well as empirical approach othe solution of problems

4 Arranve a conference with the Prooram Director when tdent-trxinee nroblem arises:

PE Papen Wes
5. Provide safety instruction throughout the internship periods

{6 Accomplish the necessary forms required by USJ-R in connection with the internship ofthe student-
trainees;

7. Issue certificate of completion to studentrainees who successfully finish thei training under the
Program;

'. Adopt and enforce rules that will govern the conduct ofthe program. Said rales shall be made known to
LUSI-R and the studen-trainees before the start ofthe training

B. USIR shat:

1. Designate a Program Coordinator who will coordinate with ARIELUS regarding the various
activites requirements under tis program;

2 Presslect and recommend student who will undergo on-the-job training under the CORPORATE.
INTERSHIP PROGRAM. it being understood that only students taking courses wherein on-the-job
‘raining is an academic requirement for graduation will be recommended

‘Send the following stant for n-th ob teining from:
Tanda Dasa
stipes 5.2018 © Ech 2! 2019
Tnantahens Counc] Dentin
1. Kina Pala Navaro sstr—4 | nerwrHr- 00am - 12:00pm
MIWTHE- 1:50pm

3. Submit to ARIELUS, the resume and all ther documents required under this program, which shall serve
1s the basis of ARIELUS to screen, select and deploy specific students for Internship;

4. Orient students about rules, proper attitudes, behavior and work ethics inside the intrship site;
‘5. Monitor attendance, activites and performance of students during the internship program in ARIELUS;

6. Monitor compatibility of job circumstances with the internship course requirements forthe student's
‘atainment of advanced standing inthe program through regular interaction with the stadent-trainees and
‘regular Visit othe internship site;

7. Undertake insurance policy to cover accidental injuries to student-tainees

‘8, Together with the parents concerned, USJ-R and the individual students, hold ARIELUS and USI-R free
from any claims or suit and shall forever defend ARIELUS and USI-R from any such claim or suit
‘whatsoever in connection with this Memorandum of Agreement,

'% Agree tothe obligations of confidentility set out in details as follows:

4 All technical or commercial information, e.g, concerning the business of ARIELUS disclosed
‘or tobe disclosed to USI-R by of in behaif of ARIELUS in connection with this agreement will
be received and held in confidence by USJR and the student concemed unless and until
ARIELUS gives writen approval for release of confidentiality;

', USI-R will ake all reasonable necessary steps to prevent disclosure of the technical or commercial
information and other mates and drawings or other materials to others and wil ot disclose the
‘same to others without prioe writen consent from ARIELUS,

Bas

anal
-ARIELUS and USJ-R further agree that:

| Wis expressly understod that there willbe no employer-employce relationship between ARIELUS and
the student-rainees of USI-R:

3+ The stdent-aines wil be personally responsible for any and all ables for damage to property oe
injury to third persons, which maybe occasioned by their intentional or negligent acts while the cece

‘4 The student trainees and the USI-R Program Coordinator shall abide with ARIELUS rules and
‘eeulations and comply with those imposed under the program; otherwise they shall be exchaded frees
further participation:

5 ARIELUS reserves the right to discontinue the on theob taining of any stadent-raince wpn price
notice to USI-R;

any personal injury or pecuniary los thatthe students may sustain or suffer inthe performance of tee
ates ad functions while under the onthe-fb waning. Meanwhile, ifthe stadent wot of legal age,

The trainee shall hold ARIELUS and USJ-R free and harmless from any suits whatsoever in connection
‘ith this memorandum.

9% ARIELUS reserves the right to discontinue the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM on material
tnd reasonable ground upon a receipt of (5)-day written notice to USER

10. That both partes shall exert al efforts necessary to achieve the objectives of thisjint undertaking:

Hh That tether of the partis shall be ible in any way fr the failure to observe or perform any provision
ofthis agreement if such flare shall be caused by any law, rule or regulation of any constnaed pebie
‘thority or shall be due to any cause beyond the control of the party is default

12: Should there be any disputes which remain unresolved, USJ-R and ARIELUS agree to seek elie inthe
Proper courts of Cebu City only.

D. Intellectual Property Rights

E. Duration

Tis agrcment shall take effect immediately upon signing hereof and shall continue thereafter, provided,
however, that any provision of this agreement mav he amended he afer = Raw-s nee

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereof have signed this Agreement

in CRED OF * City.
ARIELUS SOFTWARE INC. UNIVERSITY OF SANJOSE-RECOLETOS

‘(ARIELUS) (USHER)

42 a)
Ms. 1 LIBRANDO. REY. FR ‘©. MASPARA, OAR
Project Manager President

SIGNED IN THE PRESENCE OF:

secbin Sieronn casaon

Dean, Collegeof Information,
‘Computer snd Communication Technology

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES } ss
CBBU ORY

BEFORE ME, personally appeared the following persons:

Name Community Tax Certificate Date & Place Issued
No.

who are known to me to be the same persons. who executed and signed the foregoing instr
scloowledged tome tate same ae thi ee a voluntary cs andes,

nt and who

WITNESS MY HAND AND SEAL, a the place and on the ste first above writen,

Puplic

A ‘G. FERNANDEZ
pete es AT RY PL ea,
BookNo, 2 itn, Sane owelom. rear n ean

