3. Failure to submit the required accomplishment reports and/or financial reports according
to the schedule given by the CHED;

4. Failure to complete the project under the Grant, including the implementation of the plan,

within the approved duration, unless an extension of the project was approved by the
CHED;

5. Use of funds for purposes other than those indicated in the approved project proposal
and Work and Financial Plan;

6. Violation of intellectual property rights of internal and external parties in the conduct of
activities and/ or research, and in the outcomes of the project;

7. Failure of ethical safeguards for research or lack thereof;

8. Fraudulent misrepresentation of information, or other such analogous circumstances;
and

9. Other acts as may be considered by the CHED as inimical to the Republic of the
Philippines and those that adversely affect the integrity of the Grant.

The CHED also reserves the right to take further actions, including but not limited to, filing
of suit before the proper courts, disqualification from receiving any future grants from the K to
12 Transition Program against the LEAD HEI, among others.

ARTICLE V
NON-WAIVER

The failure of the CHED to insist upon the strict performance of any terms, conditions and
covenants hereof shall not be deemed a relinquishment or waiver of any subsequent breach or
default of such terms and conditions and covenants.

ARTICLE VI
ATTORNEY’S FEES

In the event of any suit against the CHED for the enforcement of any stipulation of this Agreement
or right under this Agreement is found baseless or inappropriate, the suing Party shall pay CHED
attorney’s fees which shall not be less than Fifty Thousand Philippine Pesos (PhP 50,000.00), in
addition to the other damages, expenses, costs of the suit.

ARTICLE VII
EFFECTIVITY OF THE AGREEMENT

This Agreement shall take effect immediately upon the issuance of the Notice to Proceed (NTP)
and the release of the grant funds to the LEAD HEI and shall be in effect for the approved period
of the Grant, unless further extension is requested in writing not later than ninety (90) days prior
to the expiration of the contract period. The said extension should be for a valid cause. The
approval for an extension does not entitle the LEAD HEI access to additional funds and any
additional expenses that may be incurred as a result of the extension shall be in the account of
the LEAD HEI.

