TO:

Mniversity of San Jose-Reruletos

Corners P. Lopez & Magallanes Streets, 6000 Cebu City, Philippines
OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT

All Concerned DATE: March 14, 2020

THROUGH: The Deans, Directors, Principals, and Office Heads

SUBJECT: Suspension of Classes and Work Schedule on March 16 to 28, 2020

In the light of the severity and threat of “COVID-19”, the University is implementing the following
measures:

%

10.
11,

Classes in all levels are suspended from March 16 to 28, 2020 in compliance with the
directive of Cebu City Mayor Edgardo Labella.

The faculty shall be on a flexible work schedule in a week which is set on Monday, Tuesday
and Wednesday. They may adopt online or other alternative learning modalities and may
use the facilities of the University in case internet access is not available at home.

The non-teaching personnel (ANTF and Office Professionals) shall report for work for
three (3) days or on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday from 8:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and
2:00 p.m. to 5:30 p.m.

It is understood that there will be no transactions on Thursday, Friday, Saturday and
Sunday. No one is allowed to enter the school premises during these days.

The graduation rites, graduation balls, ring hops, JS prom, baccalaureate masses, moving
up ceremonies and recognition rites are postponed until further notice. All other
activities are cancelled.

Students may pay their tuition and other school fees at the Accounting Office from
Mondays to Wednesdays. Other than these days, students may pay through other
payment facilities such as banks and remittance centers.

Admission tests will be conducted from Mondays to Wednesdays at the SDPC

Local and international travels are put on hold until further notice.

All persons entering the campus shall subject themselves to the established health and
safety protocols.

Full disinfection of the Basak and Main Campuses shall be implemented.

Everyone is highly encouraged to stay at home during those days with no office and work
transactions.

Let us be one in facing these challenges. God bless us all.

