b. USJ-R will take all reasonable necessary steps to prevent disclosure of the technical or
commercial information and other matters and drawings or other materials, to others and will not
disclose the same to others without prior written consent from WESERV.

C. WESERV and USJ-R further agree that:

Ti

There will be no employer-employee relationship between WESERV and the student-trainees of USJ-
R.

Under no circumstances shall student-trainees of USJ-R, look to WESERV as employer, partner or
agent. Neither student-trainees of USJ-R, shall be entitled to any benefits accorded to company’s

~ employees, such as worker’s compensation, vacation leave and among others. WESERV shall be

10.

Il.

responsible for providing, at its expense and in its name, licenses and permits usual or necessary for
conducting the training.

The student-trainees will be personally responsible for any and all liabilities for damage to property or
injury to third persons, which maybe occasioned by their intentional or negligent acts while in the
course of their training.

The student trainees and the USJ-R Program Coordinator shall abide with WESERV rules and
regulations and comply with those imposed under the program; otherwise they shall be excluded from
further participation.

WESERYV reserves the right to discontinue the on-the-job training of any student-trainee upon prior
notice to USJ-R.

USJ-R may pull out any student-trainee from the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM by giving
thirty-day written notice to WESERV. ,

Before the student shall be allowed to undergo the on-the-job training under this contract, the student,
of legal age, shall execute a waiver renouncing and waiving any claim against WESERV and USJR
for any personal injury or pecuniary loss that the students may sustain or suffer in the performance of
their duties and functions while under the on-the-job training. Meanwhile, if the student is not of legal
age, the said waiver should be signed by the student and parent or guardian. The waiver of the student-
trainees shall be submitted to WESERV and USJR prior to the commencement of the training.

The trainee shall hold WESERV and USJ-R free and harmless from any suits whatsoever in
connection with this memorandum.

WESERV reserves the right to discontinue the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM for any
reason whatsoever after sending a fifteen-day (15) written notice to USJ-R.

Both parties shall exert all efforts necessary to achieve the objectives of this joint undertaking.
Neither of the parties shall be liable in any way for the failure to observe or perform any provision of

this agreement if such failure shall be caused by any law, rule or regulation of any constituted public
authority or shall be due to any cause pene the control of the pany in default.

. Should there be any disputes which rena ‘unresolved, USJ-R and WESERV agree to seek relief in

the proper courts of Cebu City only. =~

D. Intellectual Property Rights

-

Intellectual Property shall include any property defined as such by the Intellectual Property Code of the
Philippines (R.A. 8293);

In the absence of any written consent from WESERV, the Students cannot use any confidential
information or data from WESERV to create intellectual property. All intellectual property rights
developed by the Student while the Student is under the Program subject of this Agreement are hereby
assigned to and vests in WESERV. _ !

