CATHOLIC EDUCATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF THE PHILIPPINES §

No. 7 Read 16, Barangay Bagong Pag asa, Quezon City, NOS

Catholic Educational Association of the Philippines
National Higher Education Commission

‘Concept Note for NHEC Sum

Title & Theme:

Christiying our Crises, Crosses and Crossroads: Revivitying the Mission of Catholic Higher
Education

TimerDat
November 17-19 (Tuesday ~ Thursday)

Rationale:
Catholic higher education institutions (CHEIs) constitute a high-impact sector in the private
‘education ecosystem in the Philippines. Prior to COVID-19 and through the efforts of the
Catholic Educational Association ofthe Philippines (CEAP), the sector has rigorously pursued a
variety of initiatives to address issues of quality, relevance, and sustainability. But facing the
threats of the pandemic individually as institutions and collectively as a faith community
necessitates major shifts in understanding the current and future states ofthe sector. On the
‘one hand, there is a critical imperative to analyze the network of crises affecting the overall
vitally of CHEIs. On the other hand, there is forceful drive to determine the solutions to a
variety of crosses CHEls have to immediately bear. And most importantly, administrators and
managers are caught in the middle of crossroads of continuity and discontinuity that to a great
‘extent can impact on the long-term viability and visibility of CHEIs. Thus, the CEAP National
Higher Education Commission (NHEC) gathers CHEIs in ts annual summit with the theme
Chnistitying our Crises, Crosses, and Crossroads: Revivitying the Mission of Catholic
Higher Education.

Objectives
1. Explore how CHE!s have maintained a unified but contextualized response to the effects
‘of the COVID-19 pandemic:
2. Examine how the COVID-19 pandemic rewired and reconfigured the processes,
‘programs, and peoples of CHEls:
38. Engender further the spirit of communio et missio as CHEls anticipate their lives in the
post-COVID-19 scenario.

anc ischamiciiiclns Gl Reena en ee, ed earl

Qo — cana omen
Date/Time
(aura)

Program

Day 1 (November 17, 2020)

(0830 - 0930

‘Opening Eucharistic Celebration
Finding Meaning in Crises, Crosses and Crossroads

(0930 - 1000

‘Opening Ceremonies and Remarks

‘Welcoming Remarks
Rationale and Explanation of the Theme of the NHEC Summit

1000- 1200

International Panel
Critiquing Crisis Response:
Did we provide a unified but contextualized response?

Panel Speakers:
Representatives trom:
National Education Opportunities Network
International Federation of Catholic Universitios
‘Association of the Southeast and East Asian Catholic Colleges and
Universities
‘Association of Catholic Universities in the Philippines

Day 2 (November 18, 2020)

(0900 - 1100

Local Panel
Creating our Crosses:
What internal dilemmas fueled more issues?

Panel Speakers
Representatives trom:
Divine Word College of Legazpi (TBC)
Holy Cross of Davao College
Kabankalan Catholic College
University of Perpetual Help System

Day 3 (November 19, 2020)

Toeal Panel
Cruising on Crossroads:
‘What can we do independently as institutions and collectively as CEAP?

Panel Speakers

0900-1100 | Representatives trom:
La Consolacion University Philipines
Father Saturnino Urios University
Colegio de Santa Catalina de Alejancria
Holy Angel University
115-1215 Closing Eucharistic Celebration

Recovering with Resilience

