AUMUUEO SITY OT SA Musee nc ee nee

Comer P-Lopez & Magallanes Streets, Cebu City 6000, Philippines

PERMANENT APPOINTMENT
{Full-time College Faculty)
‘August 1, 2023

MR. VICENTE F. PATALITA Ii
‘School of Computer Studi
USJ-R, Cebu City

Dear Mr. Patalita

‘The University of San Jose-Recolelos is pleased to offer you an appointment as PERMANENT FULL-TIME
COLLEGE FACULTY offective August 2023. For services satisfactorily rendered in this position, the
University agrees to give due compensation subject to the following conditions

1
2

‘You agree to abide with all the policies, rules and regulations of the University of San Jose-Recolotos,

You ensure stnct adherence to data privacy regulations and maintain the confidentiality of sensitive information by
‘safeguarding the University’s data and upholding data privacy standards to protect the confidentiality and integrity
‘of both personal information and personal sensitive information.

‘You faciiiate and assist in the implementation, monitoring, and documentation related to the University’s Quality

Management System (QMS) to ensure continuous improvement and to promote excellence in processes and
academe services

‘Your basic monthly salary shall be Twenty Four Thousand Pesos (Php 24, 000.00) based on the 24 units load

‘As a full-time faculty member, you are required to devote 40 hours a week in academic pursuits at the university
which include teaching, research, student consultation and academic advising, personal academic development
‘and professional growth and partopation in university and community services.

Your teaching load shal be specifically indicated inthe formal assignment of the respective Dean and pursuant to
be the requirements and established policies of the university. Aside from teaching, you must participate in
‘academic activibes of the school which are enumerated in the Faculty Manual

‘As a ful:time faculty, be mindlul ofthe articles on Code of Ethies and Sanctions of the Faculty Manual to guide
you in your deans with your co-workers and the rest ofthis institution's members. In addition,
Conduct prohibited by Catholic morals such as, but not limited to, extramarital sexual affairs,
Sexual relations between unmarried persons, disgraceful and shameless public display of

inumacy, Romosexusl acts, te. wil Constute ground forthe terminaon of an ompooyee'e
‘Services and his/her severance from the service. pees

8. As afuime facuty, you are requred to meet the standards of perfomance rating of teas 4 0 average on
for 3 consecutive semesters, sea gh is Pr

9. This contract may be modified, revised or supplemented to reflect effective changes in employment, ie
reclassification, promotions, pay adjustment. ete °

10. This contract shail remain in force unless and unti terminated by mutual agreement, retirement o¢ for just cause.

‘Should you accept the appointment as PERMANENT FULL-TIME COLLEGE FACULTY under the terms
and conditions specified above, please sign on the acceptance line below.

Truly yours,

REV. FR. EDUARDO S. CELIZ, JR., OAR
University President

ACCEPTANCE
11am pleased to accept the appointment as described herein.

ae 4laa}20a5

Telarthewve Niimhar INT} I8R TONY Fav (NT) TRA TTI Wahelia’hiln Guanaiwe aaah

CamScanner

