6. Provide the Industry Partner with the complete name, job title, and contact
number of the points of contact (POCs) to ensure the efficient implementation
of the MOA;

7. USJ-R commits not to solicit, recruit or hire, or otherwise assist anyone in
soliciting, recruiting, or hiring any employee or independent contractor of
Industry Partner within the period that the MOA is in effect or any extension
thereof.

8. Provide the Industry Partner with a copy of the school’s Corporate Profile,
photocopy of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) registration
certificate, Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR) certificate, including certification
of accrediting bodies/organizations and the like for reference purposes.

B. The Industry Partner shall provide the following services and participation
without any financial obligation from USJ-R

1. Internship/Apprenticeship

1.1Engage USJ-R students as interns/OJTs/apprentices (face to face or
virtual) subject to the Industry Partner's needs and requirements;

1.2Provide USJ-R with a planned and supervised program of internship for
interns (face-to-face or virtual);

1.3In instances when the Industry Partner regognizes, the excellent
performance of the intern/OJT/apprentice, the Industry Partner may
consider the student for possible employment, subject to the Industry
Partner's company hiring guidelines and policies.

1.4Inform USJ-R of employment opportunities for its students and/or alumni.

2. Curriculum Development

Help develop the curricula of USJ-R by providing knowledge and information
on the skills that are important in the workplace. To this end, the Industry
Partner undertakes to participate in industry-academe consultations; assess
students and graduates; share its training curriculum (as applicable); and
collaborate in activities to help keep the school curricula relevant.

3. Instructional Support

3.1 Support USJ-R’s career development activities including but not limited to:
participation as resource speakers/trainers in webinars or other activities
for free; Career Talk/ Symposium; Company Visits (face to face or virtual);
participation in the school’s advisory board (as requested);

3.2 Provide summer immersion training for USJ-R’s faculty for free;

4. Reserve the right to determine the allowance/benefits for the student
trainee or the need for it.
