University of San Hose-Recoletas

Comer P Loper & Magallanes Streets, Cebu City 6000, Philippines

PERMANENT APPOINTMENT
{Fulltime College Faculty)
‘August 1. 2023,

MR. BENEDICT M. CASTRO
School of Computer Studies
USW-R, Cebu City

Dear Mr. Castro

The University of San Jose-Recol
COLLEGE FACULTY effective
‘university agrees to give due compensation sut
shall the polices, ules and regulations of the University of San Jose Recoletos

lan the confidentiality of sensitive information by
dards to protect the confdeniialty and integrty

‘an appomtment as PERMANENT FULL-TIME

Jleloss pleased afer you
: ie Jered in this position, the

‘August 2023 For services salistactonily rend
ject to the following conditions

1. You agree to abe wi

2 You ensuce stnct adherence to data privacy regualions and maint
tateguerdng the University data and upholding data privacy stan
‘of both personal information and personal sensitve information

3 You lactate and assist a the implementation, monitoring, and documentation 1
Management System (QMS) to ensure contnyous improvement and to promo
‘acagemic femces

4 Your basic monthiy salary shall be Twenty Four Thousand Pesos {Php 24, 000,00) based on the 24 unis oad

‘As a ful-tme faculty momber. you are required fo davote 40 hours a week in academic pursuts at the unwversity

‘which include leaching, research, student consutaion and academic advising, personal academic development

{and professional grown and partiapalion im university and community servces

6 Your teactung load shall be specifically indicated in the formal assignment ofthe respective Dean and pursuant to
bbe the requrements. and established policies of the university Ase from teaching, you must partopate in
facademic actinties of the school which are enumerated inthe Faculty Manual.

7 Asa fulktme facuity, be mind ef the articles on Code of Ethies and Sanctions of he Faculty Manual to gue
yOu in your deaings with your co-workers and the rest of ths instituton's members. In adciton,

‘onduet prohibited by Catholle morals such as, but not limited to, extramarital sexual affairs,

rua! relations between unmarried persons, disgraceful and shameless public display of

invmacy, homosexual acts, etc. will constitute ground for the termination of an employee's

‘Services and hisiher severance from the service,

standares of performance rating of at least 4 0 average on SE

related to the Unversty’s Quasty
te excellence in processes and

8 Asa futsime facuity, you are requced 10 mee
for 3 consecutive semesters

8 Ths contract may be modifed, revised oF supplemented 10 rellect etlectve changes i employment. L¢
tedsssiicavon, promotions, pay adjustment, eke

10, This contract ehall remain in force unless and untl terminated by mutual agreement, retirement of for pst cause

‘Should you accept the appointment as PERMANENT FULL-TIME COLLEGE FACULTY under the terms
‘and conditons specified above. please sign on the acceptance line below

Truly yours,

Aye
REV. FR, EDUARDO S. CELIZ, JR. OAR
University President

ACCEPTANCE
| am pleased to accept the appointment as descnbed herein,

‘SIGHARURE

Telephone Number (032) 253 7800, Fax (032) 254-1720, Website. hiip /mwww usr edu ph
