University of San Jose-Recoletos

Cannes # Lene Be Magallanes Ste Cty CER, Prbernes

SERVICE CONTRACT
artsime College Faculty Member

Aupat 3, 2023

MR, NINO ANTHONY L. SOLDEVILLA
Schoo! of Computer Studies
USI Cebu Cy

Dew Mr Soldevitla
the University of San Jose: Recoletos s pleased to offer you an apprarimant as PART-TIME FACULTY for te Firat

i ‘ewer Tendered 1 vs postion, the uneersty
ier cr fy 2023-2024 effecrve August 2023, For Satntactorty tendered in Ds post
serene oS aun compensation suet 0 he (slowing condsions

mute on a ernasisl Londtonal bass and are contingent con very wxintactory pattormanca bats
Verge ond cass development wan te tokege or Gxparerart

2 vou gree sate by ihe cans res and requitions of ee Uneasy of San Jove Recolaton

ive to crrey wen a woronatatre equremarts such as class atendance. puncialty Seadins for sutmasen of
Grodes cans recorah and ether requrements

4 You ponsess a pervonty and character which efiect the Unvverstys mann statement
‘You commit to gectorning your duties tothe best cf your Pnowedge and abiity accordance wen te standards set by Oe

fea to data prvacy regulations and masta the confiertalty of venstive information by safeguarding
\Ucholding data prvacy standards to pees the contdertalty and mtegrty of BP parsanal eformatcn
Gna personal seraenve stormation

‘You tacitate and asst m the mplemertatan, mentoring, and dooumertaton elated to the Universtys Qusity Managemert
‘System (OMS) 10 ensure continuous enprovemart and to brome excaence m processes and academe Services
You rate of cay shat be wt Pp 202.00 per un toxa nout up to 12 pay unt soads
[As 8 parsime faculty be mnatul ofthe aries en the Code of Ethics and Sanctions of he Faculty Manual to gue you
You! Beaings win you co-worers and he est ofthe atnnan's members In ad3ton
Conduct prohibited by Catholic morals such a8, but not limited f, extramarital sexual affairs, sexual relations
between unmarried persons, disgraceful and shameless public display of intmacy, homosexual acts, et. will
consbivte 2 ground for the termination of an employee's services and hisher severance from the service

You teaching loud shal be specticaly indicated in the formal assignment of the Colege as recommended pursuant to te

requrements and estabiahed polcies Of the university Aude fom leaching, ou shal participate m academe actviies of te
ehoat which are enumerated inthe Facuty Mans!

10

11. You are to teach ne entre semester and shal therefore not leave the College any Ue belore the semester ends in December
2023 Gneramse_ no employment ceriialon and clearance wil be sted Upon your ext

12 Thos contrat shal emai in osc forthe entre semester rom August 2023 to December 2023 and automaticaly expres at
the end ofthe semester wihout need of wrtten notice

13 Inne event nat you tas to abe by tne terms of ts contract and should you pre-terminate the same of resign from your postion
‘or 0 bw end of tre contract the Universty shall not seve a cendcate of employment in yout favor and You shal be kable to
Bay he urversty the amour of Php. 100 000 00,23 ngemnty forte losses, iqudated damages, and remburiement for te
Irainng costs and expenses incurred by the urwversty Rembursement shoud be made won fwo (5) days rom tendenng of
‘resignation oF faavre to report for work Ths shai be wthout prejudice lo any legal acon thatthe school may take 1 protec &S
tans

‘Ths contact may be moatied, revsed, or supplemented to reflect elective changes in employment. ie. reclassification,
Promotions. pay aohustment et:

15 Upon atiuing your signature herein you mandest that you have read, understood, and shall fathhuly comply withthe dutes and
fesponsiives a8 a parvime facuty member, The unversty may epove addtional assignments and tasks as may be
necessary

‘Should you accept the appomtment as a PART-TIME FACULTY MEMBER under the terms and conditions specified
‘above, please sign on the acceptance line below

Truly yours,

Aur

REV. FR. EDUARDO S. CELIZ, JR., OAR,
University President

“ACCEPTANCE
1am pleased to accept the appointment as described herein,

DATE

Tuaahar TAT) 7A7-TAOD Fax (092) 264-1720, Website: Nip awww uajredu ph

CamScanner

