Press Reloase
23 April 2020

CHED: Licensure exams rescheduled under COVID-19

‘The Commission on Higher Education (CHED) commends the Professional
Regulation Commission (PRC), particularly its Chairman Teofilo S. Pilando Jr.
for its prompt and decisive action in rescheduling all licensure examinations
affected by the COVID-19 pandemic

“Public and private higher education institutions (HEIs), students, and parents
have been worried about the schedule of licensure examinations and have
sought the assistance of the Commission to push for the cancellation or
rescheduling of these exams,” said CHED Chairman J. Prospero E. De Vera
m.

The PRC already postponed seventeen (17) licensure exams from
March-June and cancelled all examinations during the Enhanced Community
Quarantine (ECQ) which will be scheduled later this year including the
following:

© Environmental Planners Licensure Examination

‘* Licensure Examination for Interior Designers

‘According to De Vera, licensure examinations that are held two times per year
are not really problematic because students can take the second exam
year. The influx of students taking the second scheduled examination is
manageable because the graduating batch this year belongs to the reduced
number of the K to 12 transition batch

Licensure exams that are postponed and scheduled only once a year like the
Environmental Planners Licensure Examination (June 11-12, 2020) and the
Licensure Examination for Interior Designers (June 23-25, 2020) will be
rescheduled in the second half of the year.

"PRC will be closely working with CHED to ease disruptions caused by the
pandemic,” Pilando said.

“The actions of PRC is a reflection of the whole-of-nation approach where
government agencies work together to promptly address problems on the
ground. CHED is willing to work with PRC to find the most appropriate
‘Schedule that will ease the concems of students and their parents,” De Vera
added.

Gogh

J. PROSPERO E. DE VERA Ill, DPA
Chairman
Commission on Higher Education

