5. Provide safety instruction throughout the internship period;

6. Accomplish the necessary forms required by USJ-R in connection with the internship of the student-
trainees;

7. Issue certificate of completion to student-trainees who successfully finish their training under the —
program;

8. Adopt and enforce rules that will govern the conduct of the program. Said rules shall be made known to
USJ-R and the student-trainees before the start of the training.

B. USJR shall:

1. Designate a Program Coordinator who will coordinate with CERENIMBUS regarding the various
activities/requirements under this program;

2. Pre-select and recommend student who will undergo on-the-job training under the CORPORATE
INTERSHIP PROGRAM, it being understood that only students taking courses wherein on-the-job
training is an academic requirement for graduation will be recommended;

Send the following student for on-the-job training from:

Start Date Date End

, 2018 , 2019

Intern’s Name Course/Y ear Days/Time

Ventic, Jon Claude BSIT — 4

De Castro, Camille BSIT — 4 MTWTHEF - 8:00am — 12:00pm

Cadorna, Nicole Ashly BSIT -4 MTWTHIFE - 1:00pm — 5:00pm
Tolcidas, Ma. Christina BSIT —4
Caramihan, Jannina BSIT — 4

Us

Submit to CERENIMBUS, the resume and all other documents required under this program, which
shall serve as the basis of CERENIMBUS to screen, select and deploy specific students for Internship;

4. Orient students about rules, proper attitudes, behavior and work ethics inside the internship site; [A

5. Monitor attendance, activities and performance of students during the internship program in
CERENIMBUS;

6. Monitor compatibility of job circumstances with the internship course requirements for the student’s

attainment of advanced standing in the program through regular interaction with the student-trainees

and regular visit to the internship site;

7. Undertake insurance policy to cover accidental injuries to student-trainees.

8. Together with the parents concerned, USJ-R and the individual students, hold CERENIMBUS and
USJ-R free from any claims or suit and shall forever defend CERENIMBUS and USJ-R from any
such claim or suit whatsoever in connection with this Memorandum of Agreement.

9. Agree to the obligations of confidentiality set out in details as follows:

a. All technical or commercial information, e.g., concerning the business of CERENIMBUS
disclosed or to be disclosed to USJ-R by or in behalf of CERENIMBUS in connection with
this agreement will be received and held in confidence by USJ-R and the student concerned
unless and until CERENIMBUS gives written approval for release of confidentiality;

b. USJ-R will take all reasonable necessary steps to prevent disclosure of the technical or
commercial information and other matters and drawings or other materials. to others and will not
