EY

This Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) is made on September 08, 2022 (“Effective
date”) between

¢ EY GDS (CS) Philippines, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “EY GDS”) having its
registered office at 16" Floor Cyber Sigma Building, Lawton Avenue, McKinley West,
Fort Bonifacio, Taguig City, 1634, Philippines hereinafter represented by its
Director/GDS Enablement Services Function Leader, MR. DENCHU JOSE G.
DECINO.

~ And

¢ UNIVERSITY OF SAN JOSE — RECOLETOS (hereinafter referred to as “Educational
Institute”) with office address at Corner P. Lopez and Magallanes Sts., Cebu City,
6000, Philippines, hereinafter represented by its University President, Rev. Fr.
EDUARDO S. CELIZ, JR., OAR.

Individually each of EY GDS and the Educational Institute shall be called “Party” and
collectively as the Parties.

WHEREAS:

1. The Educational Institute, with a view to provide best in class skills to students and
faculty members in higher education, and to disseminate knowledge through novel
techniques and methodologies for the benefit of large sections of society, is offering a
wide range of programs.

2. With the objective of offering latest and updated knowledge in the area of Consulting,
the Educational Institute and EY GDS wish to collaborate in the offering of Educational
Programs by the Educational Institute to its Students and Faculty.

3. The Educational Institute having felt the need to update the Faculty of the Educational
Institute with latest industry knowledge, intends to collaborate with EY GDS for
appropriate interactive sessions for the Faculty.

THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE AS FOLLOWS:

1. PURPOSE OF MOU

This MOU is intended to be a non-binding arrangement without imposing any
obligations on either Party but to serve as a medium to enable collaboration between
the Parties to undertake various activities as stated in this MOU aimed at upskilling the
Students and Faculty of the Educational Institution.

Certain clauses are intended to be binding and are specified so where applicable.

Nothing in this MOU shall be perceived or understood as EY GDS offering or assuring
any placement in its organisation é6r elsewhere for the Students of the Educational
Institution.

Aye
