MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT

This Memorandum of Agreement (the MOA") is entered by and between:

a) University of San Jose-Recoletos (USJ-R), a domestic corporation duly
organized and existing under the laws of the Republic of the Philippines, with
principal address at Magallanes Street, 6000, Cebu Clty, represented by its

President, Rev. Fr. Eduardo S. Celiz, OAR; and

') Talleco.com, Inc. a corporation duly organized and existing under and by virtue
Of the laws of the Republic of the Philippines with office address at 7F Cebu IT
Tower, Cebu Business Park, Cebu City 6000 represented herein by its Director
of Technical Operation, Froilan Magdadaro (the * Industry Partner’, each of
USUR and Industry Partner, a “Party’, and collectively, the “Parties").

RECITALS

1. The Parties are all legal entities, capable, and duly authorized to enter into this
MOA.

2. The Parties share a common vision and goal of impfoving skills and training
‘students deployed as interns/on-the-job-ffainees ("OJT") to batter prepare them
for employment

3. The Parties enter into this MOA to combine their respective strengths in
‘complementing each other, by infer alia, setting out the responsibilities of each
Party, and defining the areas of cooperation.

IMPLEMENTATION AND RESPONSIBILITY OF THE PARTIES

A. USJR shall provide the following services and participation without any financial
cblgation from the Industry Partner.
1. Refer students andor alumni to Industy Partner who wish to look for jobs,
e taking into account the Industry Partner's job specifications;
2. Provide a venue in USJ-R where the Industy Partner can recruit (face-o-face
or vitwa);
' 3. Refer students to the Industry Partner for possible short-term or long-term
intemship(O.T, taking into account the candidates’ qualifications, and the
Industry Partner's requirements;
4. Upon request of the Industry Partner, provide a list of graduates for possible
femployment wih the Industry Partner, subject to the Data Privacy Act of
2012, The said list must not be shared with @ person who isnot a party to
this Agreement;
5. Tap the Industry Partner a8 a potential resource in career-related activites
‘such as career talks, webinars, and other, collaborative leaming activities;
6. Provide the Industry Partner with the complete name, job title, and contact
‘number of the points of contact (POCs) to ensure the efficient implementation
of the MOA;

7. USJ-R commits not to solicit, recruit or hire, or otherwise assist anyone in
soliciting, recruiting, or hiring any employee or independent contractor of
Industry Partner within the period that the MOA is in effect or any extension
thereof.

8. Provide the Industry Partner with a copy of the school's Corporate Profile,
photocopy of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) registration
certifcate, Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR) certificate, including certification
of accrediting bodies/organizations and the like for reference purposes.

B. The Industry Partner shall provide the following services and participation

‘without any financial obligation from USJ-R

1, Internship/Apprenticeship_

1.1Engage USW-R students as interns/OJTslapprentices (face to face or
Virtual) subject tothe Industry Partners needs and requirements;

1.2Provide USJ-R with a planned and supervised program of intemship for
intems (face-toace or vital)

1.3in instances when the Industry Partner recognizes, the excellent
performance of the intem/OsT/apprentice, the Industy Parner may
consider the student for possible employment, subject to the Industry
Partner's company hiring guidelines and policies.

4 AInform US.-R of employment opportunites for its students and/or alumni.

2. Curriculum Development
Help develop the curricula of USJ-R by providing knowledge and information
fon the skills that are important in the workplace. To this end, the Industry
Partner undertakes to participate in industry-academe consultations; assess
students and graduates; share its training curriculum (as applicable); and
collaborate in activities to help keep the school curricula relevant.

3. Instructional Support

3.1 Support USJ-R's career development activities including but not limited to:
participation as resource speakersitrainers in webinars or other activities
for free; Career Talk/ Symposium; Company Visits (face to face or virtual);
Participation in the schoo''s advisory board (as requested);

3.2Provide summer immersion training for USJ-R's faculty for free;

4, Reserve the right to determine the allowancelbenefits for the student
trainee or the need for it.

5. Provide USJ-R with the complete name, job title, and contact number of
the points of contact (POCs) to ensure the efficient implementation of the

Ae Moa;
6. Provide USJ-R with a copy of the school's Corporate Profile, photocopy of
the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) registration certificat
Bureau of intemal Revenue (BIR) certificate, including certification of
accrediting bodies/organizations, and the like for reference purposes.

7. Finally, the Industry Partner commits not to solicit, recruit or hire, or
‘otherwise assist anyone in soliciting, recruiting, or hiring any employee or
independent contractor of USJ-R within the period that the MOA is in
effect or any extension thereof.

MISCELLANEOUS.

‘Due Diligence

The Industry Partner shall be responsible in ensuring and maintaining a safe
‘workplace and respectful learning environment for interns;

The students shall exercise due diligence and care in handling company equipment,
materials, resources, or any other property of the Industry Partner which they may
handle or use in connection with their internship. For this purpose; USJ-R shall ensure
that the students are property briefed, reminded, and advised on the proper handling
and use of the same;

‘The students shall be personally liable for any cost, loss, damages, liability, or expense
which may arise out of their performance of services to the Industry Partner;

USJ-R shall not be liable for any cost, loss, damages, liability, or expense, which may
arise out of the students’ performance of services to the Industry Partner;

and

The Parties agree to release and hold harmless each other and their respective
Officers, Board of Directors, and employees, from all claims, actions, causes of action,
Suits, judgments, and demands of any third-party individual or organizations.

Both Parties shall ensure confidentiality of records/ personal information in reference to
Republic Act No. 10173 also known as "Data Privacy Act of 2012, its Implementing
Rules and Regulations, related issuances and applicable laws". These records shall
only be used for placement and training purposes alone. The Parties agree at all times
during and after the terms of this MOA, to keep in strictest physical, organizational, and
technical measures and to take all reasonable precautions to prevent its disclosure or
misuse. Parties and any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, and
representatives shall hold all Confidential and Personal Information disclosed to it by
reason of this MOA confidential and private and shall not disclose any such information
to any party subject to legal obligations and applicable laws. Parties agree not to use
Confidential and Personal Information for any purposes whatsoever other than for the
provision of this MOA.

Aue.
ati

For internships, it is expressly understood that there will be no employer-employee
relationship between the Industry Partner and the intems/OJT from USJ-R. No intern’
OUT may be hired as a fulltime employee of the Industry Partner during the duration of
the intemship,

In the event that the students apply for part-time work apart from the activities covered
under this Agreement, an employer-employee relationship with the Industry Partner may
‘commence in accordance with existing taws. The Industry Partner shall ensure strict
‘compliance with applicable labor laws and regulations.

NOTICES AND POINTS OF CONTACT

For any communication between the Parties, and to ensure the efficient implementation
Of this MOA, the following shall be the points of contact:

For USJ-R
Name DR. JOVELYN C. CUIZON

Designation Dean, School of Computer Studies ‘ .
Email jec@usjr.edu.ph a

Contact info (032)2684171 3
For Industry Partner

Name JAPETH LAHAYLAHAY

Designation Senior Team Lead — Software Development

Email redwin1823@gmail.com

Contact Info

EFFECTIVE DATE, DURATION, AMENDMENTS, AND TERMINATION

This MOA shall take effect immediately upon signing hereof and shall remain in force for
the period of one (1) year commencing from the signing of the MOA. Each party
reserves the right to pre-terminate the Agreement with or without cause, subject to thirty
(30 days) prior written notice. This MOA shall be renewable upon mutual agreement of
the Parties,

‘The laws of the Republic of the Philippines shall govern this Agreement.
‘Any amendment to this MOA shall be in writing, and signed by the Parties herein.

Atte
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties, each acting through their duly authorized
representatives, have caused this MOA to be signed in their names and delivered as of

INDUSTRY PARTNER USIR

By: By:

FROILAN MASDADARO REV. FR. EDUARDO S. CELIZ, OAR

Director of Technical Operation President

Talleco.com, Inc. University of San Jose-Recoletos
Witnessed by: 1

JAPETH oe DR. J ‘C. CUIZON

Senior Team Lead ~ Software Development Dean, Schpol of Computer Studies
ACKNOWLEDGMENT

BEFORE ME, this DEC 15 712 _. in Cebu City, Philippines, personally
‘appeared the above-riamed parties, with following competent evidence of identity:

NAME SSSTINIDNo, ISSUEDON ISSUED AT

Rev. Fr. Eduardo S. Celiz, OAR Oi ~~ \-f4

Froilan Magdadaro oe-leeiannt

known to me and to me known to be the same persons who executed the foregoing
instrument, and they acknowledged to me that the same is their free and voluntary act,
‘and deed, and that of the entities represented,

This instrument refers to a Memorandum of Agreement, consisting of six (6) pages
including the page on which this acknowledgment is written, and the same has been
signed by the Parties and their instrumental witnesses above their names and in each
and every page hereof.

WITNESS MY HAND SEAL, at the place and on the date first above writen.

Doc.No. 2 _; ~
PageNo, _a3 5
BookNo. “xs;

Series of 2022.

