1.6. | Reserves the right to terminate the Grant of the LEAD HEI or impose the
appropriate sanctions against the LEAD HEI for any violation of relevant CHED
Memorandum Orders, rules and regulations; and

1.7. Issue a Certificate of Completion of the project upon approval of all outputs of the
LEAD HEI and upon approval of the accomplishment/terminal and liquidation
reports.

1.8. _ Upon issuance of the Certificate of Completion, relieve the LEAD HEI of the
Grant obligations and responsibilities under the Grant.

The LEAD HEI shall:

2.1. | Undertake and implement the CPE Program, in accordance with the approved
CPE Proposal (Appendix B) and approved Work and Financial Plan (WFP), as
detailed in Appendix C such that the date of reckoning shall be upon the LEAD
HEl’s receipt of the Notice to Proceed (NTP) 2nd upon release of the first tranche
of funds from the CHED;

2.2. _ Undertake engagements under the Grant and ensure that the funding provided
by the Grant is solely for the purposes indicated in the WFP (Appendix C) as
approved by the CHED;

2.3. Properly utilize the Grant and shall see to it that said Grant is used for the
purpose for which the same are intended, in accordance with the approved WFP,
and subject to accepted government accounting and auditing rules and
regulations. The LEAD HEI acknowledges that failure to satisfactorily complete
the program within the period stated in the approved Work and Financial Plan, or
within the period of any extensions granted shall mean forfeiture or
discontinuance of the Project;

2.4. Monitor its progress of the implementation of trie CPE Program vis-a-vis the
approved Work and Financial Plan (Appendix C);

2.5. Secure and submit all relevant permits, licenses, Intellectual Property Rights,
clearances, official receipts, and proof of expenditures, that may be required for
the implementation of the project;

2.6. Be accountable to the CHED for the successful implementation and completion
of the project;

2.7. Submit, in a timely manner, all monitoring and evaluation documents and forms
that may be required by the CHED;

2.8. Submit final reports/ outputs as required by CMO No. 72, series of 2017 as
amended by CMO No.3 , Series of 2020, and a Liquidation Report with
supporting Proof of Expenditures as final deliverables for the CPE Program,

2.9. Ensure that the grant shall not be used to fund capital outlay. The LEAD HEI
must also ensure that the computation for any honoraria shall be in accordance
with accepted government accounting and auditing rules, and with the existing
rules and regulations of the Department of Budget and Management (DBM) as
per DBM Budget Circular 2007-001 and 2007-002;
