Cicer
University of San Jose-KRecoletoas
Corners P. Lopez & Magallanes Streets, Cebu City, Philippines 6000

June 11, 2019

REV. FR. LEO GALARAS, OAR jee i}
VP-Academics University of San Jose-Recoletos Hy jl 1 Me 19
Cebu City eae

poe
Subject: Excuse of USJ-R Delegates for the 2019 i-PBL prooamin STUST, Taiwan

Dear Fr. Alaras:

In order to promote internationalization exposure and provide students
opportunities to enriched learning experiences, the College of Information, Computer
and Communications Technology (CICCT) will be sending seven (7) students to
participate in the 2019 International Project Based Learning (i-PBL) Program on
August 8 — 17, 2019 at Southern Taiwan University of Science and Technology
(STUST), Tainan, Taiwan. The program would bring in students from three
universities namely STUST, Osaka Institute of Technology (OIT), Japan and USJ-R,
Philippines to learn how to develop a self-driving car using Raspberry Pi, Camera
and LIDAR. The program is subsidized by the Ministry of Education Office of Higher
Education Sprout Project and STUST which cover the expenses for dormitory,
project materials and airport transfer from Kaohsiung International Airport to the
venue. The students are as follows:

Labang, Shaun Nathaniel = BSIT-4 Cerdon, Kevin BSIT -3
Dela Cerna, Jay Ann BSIT-4 Gadiane, Jesury Thomas _—BSIT-3
Alolor, Francis Louie BSIT-4 Homecillo, Temothy BSIT-2
Seldura, Noel Daniel BSIT-3

The students will be housed in the university dormitory together with the
Japanese and Taiwanese students in a 4-person room. They will be accompanied
by Engr. Carmel Tejana and Mr. Ahdzleebee Formentera, CICCT faculty
members who also serve as faculty mentors for the USJ-R delegation.

In this regard, we would like to request that the students and faculty members
listed above be excused from their respective classes for the duration of the
program. Attached is the Invitation from STUST Tainan, Taiwan.

Thank you very much for the support in the college’s vision of producing
globally competitive graduates through internationalization initiatives which
strengthens academic and educational cooperation with our international linkages.

Sm Ate SFrbiren
DR. G' VICTOR D. GABISON
Dean, College of ICCT

Ce: IMS

29
