MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

‘This Memorandum of Agreement is made and entered into on (insert date) by and
between

PASSERELLES NUMERIQUES PHILIPPINES, a registered NGO operating under
the auspices of Philippine Law located at Samjung Building, Nasipit, Talamban Cebu,

Fepresented by its Country Representative, MARILOU C. FLORES, herein referred to as,
PNPH;

-and-

UNIVERSITY OF SAN JOSE-RECOLETOS, an educational institution duly
‘organized and existing under the laws of the Philipines, with principal office address at
Magallanes Street, Cebu City, herein represented by REV. FR. EDUARDO S. CELIZ, JR.,
‘OAR, President, who is duly authorized to represent It in this transaction, hereinafter
referred to as the USI-R.

WITNESSETH duce

WHEREAS, PNPH, a non-profit organization, provides education-to-employment
‘opportunities to disadvantaged youth through quailty IT education,

WHEREAS, USJ-R, a community-oriented university, recognizes the need to extend
Its expertise and resources to help underserved Filipino youth,

WHEREAS, US3-R, undertakes to collaborate with PNPH in providing underserved
Youth access to quality IT education through the Associate in Computer Technology (ACT)
rogram.

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration ofthe foregoing premises, US3-R and
PNPH do hereby agree to stipulate the following:

1. _ RESPONSIBILITIES AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES
A. Joint Responsibilities

4, Create a joint working group that will prepare the action plan to
operationalize the partnership;
2. Enhance the quality of curriculum and provide our beneficiaries with a robust,
student-centered, and holistic learning experience, as such:
‘2. Collaborate actively in the curriculum design process
'. Share access to each insttuton’s respective teaching resources
(Course outlines, teaching activites)
«, Collaborate In the student's follow-up and remediation strategies,
based on courses assessment;
4. Collaborate in the monitoring and the evaluation of the delivered
curriculum;

rage Lot

3. Collaborate in monitoring the academic progress and overall welfare of the
student

4. Adhere to all laws, memorandums, and circulars.

‘Responsibilities of PNPH

1, Select and enroll potential students in the Associate in Computer Technology
rogram in USI-R; PNPH wil be responsible for covering the payment of
school fees, except In cases where a student drops out due to health-related
issues, academic failure, or untoward incidents

2. Provide USJ-R with one month's notice before the semester commences
regarding the anticipated number of students enrolling for the upcoming
‘cademic year.

3. Provide necessary fund to cover total school fees amounting to
Php78,715.47 (Seventy-Eight Thousand Seven Hundred Fifteen pesos and
47/100) per scholar forthe 2.5-year program;

20,129.64
Third year 1" Sem 615.85,

No further discounts will be extended to students beyond the agreed-upon
‘reduced school fees 9s outined inthis Memorandum of Agreement.

1. PNPH acknowledges and agrees to pay the intial down payment and settle
all outstanding fees infullat the endo the semester bafore students become
lgible to enroll in the Associate in Computer Technology program for
‘another semester.

5. Provide for social educational follow-up ofthe students;

6. Motivate students to pursue a bachelor's degree in US)-R School of Computer
‘Studies upon successfully completing the program;

. Responsibilities of USI-R

4, Designate a Program Coordinator who will coordinate with PNPH regarding
the various activities and/or course requirements, if any, under this program,

2. Provide reduced school fees to PNPH students enrolled in the Associate in
‘Computer Technology program.

3. Provide necessary academic support such as Internship coordinator in
partnership with PNPh, laboratory facies and other pertinent resources to
ensure students’ successful completion of the program.

4. Perform all required administrative processes to ensure the issuance of
diplomas to students who successfully pass the program.

5. Ensure that the training meets the quality standards as per the commitment
with PNPH,

Hye on
1, COMMUNICATION PLAN

To ensure effective colaborat

oration and Information exchange among the PNPH and
USI-R, the joint working group will convene for @ coordination meeting every 3
‘months to stay informed, aligned, and engaged in achieving the shared objectives.

111, TERMINATION

‘This Agreement shall be in force for a period of two years from the date of its
enactment and shall be renewable by mutual written consent at the end of that
Period. This agreement may be terminated prior to that time on condition that
Notice of intent to terminate is provided by the initiating institution at least six
‘months prior to termination.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as transferring the intellectual
property rights of PNPH over its trade name, trademark, logos and the like. Logos
OF both parties may only be used for the sole purpose of featuring the same for
Communications purposes during the entire duration of the partnership.

USI-R, at all times, owns and retains all rights to its own Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property shal Include any property defined as such by the Intellectua}
Property Code of the Philippines (R.A. No. 8293). Accordingly, in the absence of
fny wetten consent from USJ-R, the students cannot use any confidential
information or data from USI-R to create intellectual property. .

DATA PRIVACY

In case any personal data should be involved, the parties shall process any personal
date in avcordance with the standards Imposed by Republic Act No. 10173,
Stherwise known as the Data Privacy Act of 2012, and its Implementing Rules and
Regulations and other relevant laws. The parties, thus, agree that any personal
ate held In connection with this Agreement will be used solely for the purpose of
fulfiling ts obligations under this Agreement.

‘The parties further warrant that all personal information submitted to the other
party is compliant with the applicable provisions of the Data Privacy laws, and that
Ronas obtained the necessary consent from the data subject. Upon request, proot
of consent may be provided to the other party,

VI. OTHER PROVISIONS:

1. Both parties shall exert all efforts necessary to achieve the objectives of this joint
undertaking.

2 Neither ofthe parties shall be liable in any way forthe failure to observe or perform.
Dy provision of this agreement if such failure shall be caused by any law, rule, oF
‘of any constituted public authority or shall be due to any cause beyond

the control of the party in default.

43, ‘Should there be any disputes which remain unresolved, USJ-R and PNPH agree to
Seek relief in the proper courts of Cebu City only.

a
IN Wires
cay of AT RRFOF, the ortis heegay hove Slane this Agreement on this

PASSERELLES NUMERIQUES UNIVERSITY OF SAN JOSE-RECOLETOS,
PHILIPPINES, (PNPH) (use)

Ayeoe__

REV. FR, EDUARDO S. CELIZ, JR, OAR

Trent
oate ate:
SIGNED IN THE PRESENCE OF:
PASSERELLES NUMERIQUES _ UNIVERSITY OF SAN 2OSE-RECOLETOS
PHILIPPINES. CPNPH cuss)
“
{ <
deagne Ksatve or. 20vfLYW c, cUEZON

sarin ond ance Manager ean Schoo Contr Seales

ate: oat

raged ot
ACKNOWLEDGMENT

[REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES }
Cebu City ySS.

NG 14 0B

ay of

BEFORE ME, a Notary Public for and the City of Cebu, Philippines, this day
_ BEFORE P33" personaly appeared the following persons, together with their
‘espective TIN, as follows:

MARILOU C. FLORES - 0670420

REV. FR, EDUARDO S. CELIZ, IR, OAR _20¥7/LG6C _—

‘Ailknown to me to be the same person who executed and signed the foregoing instrument
dun scknowledged to me that the same are her free and voluntary act and deed,

\WITWESS MY HAND AND SEAL on the date and place first above written. due
oe No. 2

Poe ES
‘Book No. —__ 2;
Series of 2023:

ler

ANNEX A

ASSOCIATE IN COMPUTER TECHNOLOGY (ACT)

asa
[ ~ w Third
Ast ser 2nd sem_ | 2nd sem _| 1st sem |__TOTAL |

—

ia

(30% discount) | _4,751.10| _4,139.04| _3,992-46| 3,744.81 =~ |_ 16,627.02
este T

ae

— so
ner a a
|
Cys ai
