5. Accomplish the necessary forms required by USJ-R in connection with the internship of the student-
trainees;

6. Issue certificate of completion to student-trainees who successfully finish their training under the
program;

7. Adopt and enforce rules that will govern the conduct of the program. Said rules shall be made known to
USJ-R and the student-trainees before the start of the training.

B. USJR shall:

1. Designate a Program Coordinator who will coordinate with CITY OF CEBU regarding the various
activities/requirements under this program;

4 Pre-select and recommend student who will undergo on-the-job training under the CORPORATE
INTERSHIP PROGRAM, it being understood that only students taking courses wherein on-the-job
training is an academic requirement for graduation will be recommended;

Send the following student for on-the-job training from:
Start Date Date End

, 2019
Intern’s Name Course/ Y¥ ear Days/Time

Frederick Prescious Alago BSIT -—4 MWE - 8:00am 12:00pm
MWE_ 1:00pm 5:00 pm
TTh 8:00am 12:00pm

3. Submit to CITY OF CEBU, the resume and all other documents required under this program, which shall
serve as the basis of CITY OF CEBU to screen, select and deploy specific students for Internship; q

4. Orient students about rules, proper attitudes, behavior and work ethics inside the internship site;

5. Monitor attendance, activities and performance of students during the internship program in CITY OF
CEBU;

6. Monitor compatibility of job circumstances with the internship course requirements for the student’s
attainment of advanced standing in the program through regular interaction with the student-trainees and
regular visit to the internship site; :

7. Undertake insurance policy to cover.accidental injuries to student-trainees.
8. Together with the parents concerned, USJ-R and the individual students, hold CITY OF CEBU and USJ-
R free from any claims or suit and shall forever defend CITY OF CEBU and USJ-R from any such

claim or suit whatsoever in connection with this Memorandum of Agreement.

9. Agree to the obligations of confidentiality set out in details as follows:
a. All technical or commercial information, e.g., concerning the business of CITY OF CEBU
disclosed or to be disclosed to USJ-R by or in behalf of CITY OF CEBU in connection with
this agreement will be received and held in confidence by USJ-R and the student concerned.
unless and until CITY OF CEBU gives written approval for release of confidentiality;
Cy.

b. USJ-R will take all reasonable necessary steps to prevent disclosure of the technical or commercial

‘formation and other matters and drawings or other materials, to others and will not disclose the
= _*4 ae ee eee eee. Pee Deke i i oon eR eee re c Sere CITT V On CERRITIT
