2. DURATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP

2.1 The partnership shall take effect from September 27, 2022, until September
27, 2025, provided that any revisions of the provisions of this Agreement or any
additional provisions to this Agreement shall be amended by the written consent of both
parties. Both parties have the right to terminate the partnership agreement through a
written notice at least 30 days (1 month) prior to the effective date of termination.

3. PROGRAMS

The Company and the University shall undertake to collaborate and participate
in the following activities and programs that will contribute to the accomplishment of
the goals and objectives of the partnership.

3.1 Internship Program

The Company’s internship program generally matches the requirements and
policies of the University for their practicum/on-the-job training (OJT)/internship
course and is open for applications all year round. However, the Company’s internship
program is tailored to cover a minimum of 300 hours of in-depth training for software
engineering. There shall be a separate Internship Agreement between the student of
the University and the Company wherein provisions outline the nature and duration of
the program, as well as the benefits the student will be receiving and the policies the
student needs to comply with.

There is no employer-employee relationship between the Company and the intern
for this internship program. Furthermore, the Company is not_obligated to hire the
intern for full-time employment. The Company has the discretion to, offer full-time
employment to the intern based on the intern’s performance evaluation.

3.2 Fast Track Program

Upon the discretion of the Company, student interns who have successfully
completed the internship program with the Company may be offered a full-time regular
job opportunity, with a continuation of their training for software development
prior to deployment to projects and clients. The training period will already be
considered their probationary period as full-time employees. After the dissemination of
the offer letter, the student intern will have the Fast Track Offer Discussion with the
Company’s University Relations Coordinator for proper orientation and signing of the
offer letter. A Fast Track Employment Contract will be given to the qualified intern on
his/her Day 1 as an employee of the Company. The signed contract officially initiates
the employer-employee relationship between the Company and the former student
intern. Thereafter, the University shall no longer be privy to the employment contract
and shall be relieved of any liability.

The Company has the discretion to offer full-time employment opportunities with
training under the Fast Track Program to graduating students or fresh graduates of
the Partner University who have shown exceptional technical assessment results and
feedback. The recommendations from the representative(s) of the Partner University will
help the Company identify valuable talents.

Anh __
