RECOLETOS ¢4y

CENTER FOR POLICY, RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT STUDIES

February 31,2020,

OR. GREGG VICTOR D. GABISON.
Dean

Collegeof information, Computer and Communications Technology
University f San love Recoletos

(ear Or Gabison:

Greetings of peace and goodwi

The 4 Recoletos (international) Research Congress I slated on March 2-4, 2020 at the University of San Jose
Recoletos Basak Campus that centers on the theme “Sustainable Communities through Education, Reseorch
and innovation”

For ths year, the congress alms at rethinking the way we bull, manage, and lve nour communities that ean
spur heliste and sustainable development, through forging cooperation among. various sectors and
stakeholders nour society.

Topics/Trach: This years conference will be anchored on the Elemente of Sustainable Community ('SC,
1995) which has four major domains with the following subdomains:

LEADERSHIP, CIVIC ENGAGEMENT AND ECOLOGICAL INTEGRITY
RESPONSIBILITY Pollution and Waste Control

Scxial Equity and Poti! Stability Environmental Protection and Preservation
information, Communication and Dialogue Strategic Transport and Setiements

identity, Representation and incision wise

ation of Materials and Energy

Economic secunmTY SOCIAL WEU-BEING
Technological Innovations eat and Well-Being
Employment Opportunites and Labor High Quality of Education
concerns Peace and Safety

Strong Business and Economic Practices Aarts, Creathity and Recreation
Jn ths regard, we would ike to invite you, your faculty members and students tothe congress. We believe
‘that your constituents can greaty contribute tothe academic dgcouree during the congress. Discounted rates
ate offered for students who wish to join the congress.

eqistration Fee
= Says Tay
Profesional | Php 4000.00 Phpi,500.00
Graduate Schoot ‘+ lunches (3) ‘lunches (3)
students = snacks (5) sacks 5)
{Podium © Book of Abstracts | + Book of Abstracts
resentation) = ceraeates + centieates
oe + kt
‘adergraduate | Php 1500.00 Rp 00.00
students ‘8 lunches (3) ‘+ lunche (2)
(oster sacs (8) sacks (2)
resentation) + certfcater + certificates
ke =e

Submit your full paper on or before February 15,2020 for guaranteed incusion in the Book of Abstracts
May this invitation merit a favorable response from you.

Respectfully,

Pa res

Wiking Committee Ovealichair
