University of San Jose-Recoletos

Corner P. Lopez & Magailanes Streets, Cebu City 6000, Philippines

COLLEGE OF ARTS AND SCIENCES

June 25, 2019

To:

Dr. Audrey D. Verano

Dr. Edgar R. Detoya

Dr. Jestoni P. Babia

Dr. Dennis Anthony Kilongkilong

Ye
From: Dr. Glenn/G} Pajares

Re: Cross-Cultural Forum on American and Philippine Educational Systems

Our English Fellow and Visiting Professor Ms. Taraji Belgacem and 5 other educators who have an
experience or exposure on the educational system in the Philippines and the United States in
partnership with our Faculty Association Incorporated (FAI) will hold a first of its kind ‘Cross-Cultural
Forum on American and Philippine Educational Systems’ On July 1, 2019 (Monday) , 1:30-5:00 p.m. at
the Main Audio Visual Room.

The audience will be a mix of students, teachers, admin., faculty, family, and representatives from
DepEd, CHED, the media, and other non-government agencies. Our over-arching goal is to bring
awareness and understanding to all attending parties on various issues of education in our societies.
Specifically, the topics and goals we hope to address are the following:

1. Share commonalities in order to build understanding and a shared experience; we all have
the same needs but different challenges

2. Share differences in order to inspire and encourage positive change and innovation in the
socio-educational experience, specifically support and having the willingness to listen to and
hear people’s needs

3. Open minds and provide ideas for effective strategies around both positive life style choices
and teaching techniques in order to better support both teachers and students

4. Discuss the current role and meaning of English in education, society, and the global future-
what is English for, and how should we teach it?

5. Inspire and encourage the audience to take what they've learned and incorporate it in their
daily lives.

In this regard, | would like to request 10 students and 2 faculty from your department to participate in
this forum. Kindly excuse the students from their classes and file IMS activity to attend for the faculty.

| am hoping for your positive response. Thank you for your unwavering support and cooperation.

cc: VP-Acad

IMS »

Telephone Number (032) 253-7900: Fax (032) 254-1720; Website: htip:/Avww.usjredu.ph
