DATE

TO

THRU

SUBJECT :

ASEM ELAUY ME SIUM YAEL “AVENUES
Magallanes St., Cebu City 6000 Philippines

OFFICE OF THE REGISTRAR

March 12, 2020

ALL CONCERNED

THE DEANS AND CHAIRPERSONS
IMPORTANT GRADUATION REMINDERS

In order to ensure a smooth and well-coordinated graduation process, the following reminders are hereby
reiterated for the guidance of all concerned:

A.

B.

G.

For Students
The deadline for filing of application for graduation was last December 6, 2019. Therefore, all applications
must have been filed with the Registrar’s Office by this time. Only names of those who filed the

1.

_ application shall be included in the grade sheets for graduating students for the final term.

2. The Graduation Clearance must be submitted to the Registrar’s Office not later than March 2, 2020;
otherwise, your name may not be included in the graduation program. This is with the assumption that
you pass in all your subjects this semester and have complied with all requirements.

3. School accounts must be settled with the Accounting Office on or before the final exam schedule. As per
policy, full settlement of accounts is required for you to join the graduation ceremonies and for your
names to be included in the graduation program.

4. Uncomplied INC mark is a ground for disqualification from graduation. Therefore, please ensure to
approach your teacher and comply with your deficiencies as soon as possible to avoid inconveniences.

5. -Compliance with final requirements must be done before the deadline for grade posting; otherwise, this
may result to exclusion of your names in the list of candidates, for graduation.

6. Be advised to check your names in the list of candidates for graduation that will be provided to the
colleges after the grade posting deadline.

For Teachers

1. Grades of graduating students should be posted not later than Friday, March 20, 2020. Any unposted
grade may cause the exclusion of student’s names from the graduation program.

2. Oral defense and compliance with final requirements must be scheduled before the deadline for posting

‘of final grades to avoid circumstances.

For Department Chairpersons
All chairpersons are requested to confirm promptly the posted grades to facilitate the graduation

processes. The deadline for posting of grades for graduating students is March 20 while the deliberation
of honors is March 24. Therefore, confirmation of grades should not be later than Saturday, March 21,
2020.

The chairperson may endorse a student to join the graduation ceremony without his/her name printed in

1.

the program if he/she falls in any of the following circumstances:
a.

The student was not able to file the graduation clearance on schedule. He/she must submit the
following:

- _ Photocopy of the signed Graduation Clearance

- Lacking requirements, if any;

The student was late in complying with an INC mark. To support the endorsement, he/she should be
asked to submit:

- Photocopy of signed Graduation Clearance

- Request for change of grade with-the necessary support

The student has previously graduated but was unable to join the graduation ceremonies for some
reasons. The following documents are required:

- Photocopy of Certification of Graduation from the Registrar’s Office

- Statement of Account

- Official Receipt of graduation fee

Please note that graduation endorsement is subject to the approval of the VP-Academics upon verification and
recommendation of the Registrar. Endorsement letters shall be accepted only until April 1, 2020 or three (3) days
prior to graduation to allow time for processing.

Ald cM

University Registrar
