University of San Jose-Recoletos
Magallanes Se Cebu City 6000 Phippnes
OFFICE OF THE REGISTRAR

(ONLINE ENROLLMENT POLICIES AND GUIDELINES
UNDER THE NEW NORMAL
Effective Academic Year 2020-2021

‘Ths online enrollment policies and guidelines shall be effective only during this time ofthe “new
normal” and shall only govern enrollees forthe frst semester of academic year 2020-2021 and maybe
revised updated of amended depending on government isuances relative tothe COVID-19 pandemic.

NEW FRESHMEN

‘The Universy of San Jose-Recoletos is open to students who meet its academie standards. To qualify
forenrollmentasa freshman student, the applicant must meet thefllowing qualifications

+ Mustbe Fipine citizens
+ Must be good moral conduct.
+ General average grade in Senior High Schoo! must be 80% or higher.

+ Applicants forthe Bachelor of Sclence in Accountancy must have an average grade in the
Senlor High School ABM 1 & 2 ofat least 90%.
‘+ Musthave the capability to upload admission credentials for evaluation and processing

Applicants must observe the following guidelines:
‘A. Application Phase:
Open browser and goto edpusireduph

‘lick Application for Admission
Read the Terms and Conditions and click AGREE (Data Privacy Policy),

Fill out the application for admission frm (Student Information Form),

Upload algal copies of the following minimum admission credentials for evaluation and
processing: a) Form 138 (Report Card), b) Certiiate of Good Moral Conduct, 3) PSA Birth
(Cortficate, and 4) 2x2 colored picture with signature,

(NOTE: Department Chi

block code)

evaluates academic qualiations of the applicant then assigns a

(6, Walt for confirmation of your application that will be sent thru text message. (Registrar's
Office assesses the physical condition ofthe documents submited)

1 1 application is confirmed, applicant wil be advised to enrol vi
schedule set for new freshmen,

online according tothe

3 If application Is unsuccessful or is held pending, applicant will be advised by the
Registrar's Office thru text or private message to re-submit the necessary documents thra
mall epistrar@usiceduph
B. Enrollment Phase:
7. Pay enrollment fee through the diferent accredited banks o at any payment channels
8 Key in payment information for verification by the Accounting Office,
9, Click the ENROL’ button (student wil be redirected tothe Online Enrolment Page}

10. Afr submission of enrollment, the applicant will be placed under ‘provisionally enrolled
‘Status, which ithe default status for online enrollment.

NOTE: A studentapplicant is considered ofcaly envalled only if he/she has submited the required
‘orignal, authenticated and/or cered documents to the Registrars Ofice within the period specified by
‘the University Registra.

INTINUING,

/RETURNEES

‘Asa general rule al students shall fellow the load and sequence of courses according tothe approved
curriculum for each program of study. However, during the “new normal” inthe fist semester of AY
2020-2021 the following may be permited subject to specfle requirements set by the
‘department/college:

4. student who incurs an INC mark or who falls in a pre-requisite course taken during the 2!
Semester of AY 2019-2020, ad said course was not complied or re-enrlled in summer 2020,
‘may be allowed to enrollin an advanced course during the rt semester of AV 2020-2021.

2. The fled pre-requisite may also be enrolled simultaneously withthe advanced course during
the ist semester of AY 2020-2021,

3. A student who does not encll in summer for val

reasons and whose program of study
requires enrollment of some courses during the summer term may be permitted to carry
additonal load units equivalent to the total loads in summer subject to cettain limitations,
without prejudice to the student's overload privileges. Provided, that total unit loads must not
exceed 30 units. Provided furthermore, that the student is not subject to deloading per
program retention policy.

Allenroling students must be guided bythe following
‘A. CONTINUING STUDENTS - refer to students who are previously enrolled in the Unversity inthe
Immediate preceding semester/s.
41. Login to edpusjceduph
2. Select ‘Continuing’ as entry status
3 Apply for online pre-evaluation from your respective advsers/chairpersons at least one week
prior to enrollment period.
4. Pay enrollment fee through the diferent accredited banks o at any payment channels,
5. Key in payment information fr verification by the Accounting Offic.
6 Choose online enrolment. {Fassigned to block section, ick the ENROL’ button

IF non-block, select up to three 3-unit subjets or 9 units then click the ENROL’ button
(NOTE: Maximum units must be based on the allowable units as prescribed inthe curriculum.)
7. Log out from Student Portal
wore:

+ Algal copy ofthe study load wil be sent to te student cru his/her registered emal addres.
+ Fonte enrolments unsuccessful contact edp@usreduph

SHIFTEES-shites are continuing students who shiR to a new degree program.
Log into edpassredu ph

Select ‘Shifts as entry status

Choose previous degree program then dick new degree program.

Walt for pre-evaluation results from the adviset/chalrperson of the new program.
Pay enrollment fe through the different acredited banks ora any payment channels
Key in payment information for verifeaton by the Accounting Office,

Ck the ENROL button,

Log out from student portal
wore:

+ Adligitat copy ofthe study load will be sent to the student cru his/her registered ema addres.
+ Fonte enrolments unsuccessful contact edp@usreduph

RETURNEEs ~ Returning students are those who left US)-R elther through graduation or by their
‘wn volition, oF those who have discontinued their studies in US)-R and have not encolled in
another school after leaving US)-R,

re-Eneolment Phase

4. Request for official subject evaluation through the USI-R ~ Oice ofthe University Repstrar
Facebook Page a least one week before the enrollment period.

2. Walt forthe Subject Evaluation Results from the Registrar's Office that willbe sent to you thru
mal

3. Request for Certifteate Good Moral Conduct through SAO Facebook Page

Enollment Phas:
4 Login to edpusjceduph

5. Select 'Returnesas entry status

6. Apply for online pre-evaluation from your respective advisers /chalepersons.

7. Pay enrollment fee through the diferent accredited banks o a any payment channels,
8. Key in payment information for verification by the Accounting Office.

9. (lick the ENROL” button.

410, Log ou from student porta,
Nore:

+ Algal copy ofthe study load wil be sent to te student cru his/her registered emal addres.
+ Fontine enrolments unsuccessful contact edp@usreduph
