MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT

KNOW ALL BY MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

Tis Memorandum of Agreement is made and entered into by and between:

Progressify ApS. a domestic corporation duly organized and existing under and by virtue ofthe laws of
the Republic ofthe Philippines, with office address at Vigerslev Allé 68, 3 tv, 2500 Valby, Denmark represented
hnerein by SEBASTIAN VAJHO} BRANDT, COO, who is duly authorized to represent it in this transaction,
hheeinaler referred to as Progressify.

and

The UNIVERSITY OF SAN JOSE — RECOLETOS (USJ-R), an educational institution duly
‘organized and existing under the laws of the Philippines with principal office address at Magallanes St, Cebu
City herein represented by REV. FR. CRISTOPHER C. MASPARA, OAR, University President, who is duly
authorized to Fepresent it inthis ransaction, hereinaler referred to as USI-R.

WITNESSETH

WHEREAS, Progressify, under the CORPORATE INTERNSHIP PROGRAM, agrees to accept
students of USIAR as trainees in its various facilities in support forthe Industry Linkage Program of USI-R;

WHEREAS, USI-R, withthe objective of forging Industry-Academe Linkage to complement existing
curricula to match industry demand, agrees to endorse thir students and provide participants in the said Industry
Linkage Program and train in Progressify.

NOW, THEREEFORE, for and in consideration ofthe foregoing premises, Progressfy and USI-R do hereby
agree to stipulate the following:

A. Progressify Sha

1. Sercen, select and deploy tothe different facilities and offices of Proressify students recommended by
USER to undergo on-the-job training under the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM pursuant to
the following conditions:

4. For Information Technology and Information Systems students:
‘minimum of 500 taining hours

b. For Computer Science students: minimum of 30 taining hours.

2. Designate from among its employees an Industry Supervisor who will be assigned the following
responsibilities:

44. Serve as mentor tothe student-trainees;

ve the studentirainees course-elated work assignments and expose them to learning
experience on actual operations and management

&. _Expose the student-trinees to real situation problems and bottlenecks thus enabling them to
analyze and apply scientific as wel as empirical approach othe solution of problems;

Arrange a conference withthe Program Director when studentraince problem arses;

3. Adhere to all regulations regarding las and all rules and regulations pertaining to intemnship or learners
‘programs, as well as health and safety laws applicable to entities similarly situated

4. Provide safety instracton throughout the internship period;
‘5. Accomplish the necessary forms required by USIFR in connection with the internship of the student=

6. Issue certificate of completion to studenttrainees who successfully finish their training under the
rogram:

7. Adopt and enforce rales that will govern the conduct of the program. Said ales shall be made known to
USER and the student-trainces before the stat ofthe tining

1B. USIR shall:

1. Designate a Program Coordinator who will coordinate with Progressfy regarding. the various
actvitis/requtements under this program;

2. Presclect and recommend student who will undergo on-the-job training under the CORPORATE
INTERSHIP PROGRAM, it being understood that only students taking courses wherein on-the-job
‘raining is an academic requirement for graduation will be recommended;

Send the following student for on-the-job training from:

San Dae Dae End
January 2022 to May 2022
Tara's Name ComselVear | DawsTime
1 Ryan Augustine D. La Rosa scs—4 | MTWTHP- 8:00am 5:00pm
2. Lyle Dane M.Carcedo BSIT—4 | MTWTHP- 8:00am 5:00pm

3. Submit to Progressify, the resume and all other documents required under this program, which shall serve
asthe basis of Progressify to screen, select and deploy specific student fr Internship;

4. Orient students about rules, proper attitudes, behavior and work ethic inside the internship site;

‘5. Monitor attendance, activities and performance of students during the intemship program in Progressify

6. Monitor compatibility of job circumstances with the intemship course requirements for the student's
attainment of advanced standing inthe program through regular interaction withthe student-trainees and
regular visit to the internship site;

7. Undertake insurance policy to cover accidental injures to stdent-rainees.

8. Together with the parents concerned, USI-R and the individual students, hold Progressfy and USI-R

free from any claims or suit and shal forever defend Progressify and USA-R from any such claim or suit
‘whatsoever in connection with this Memorandum of Agreement.

9. Agree to the obligations of confidentiality set out in details a follows:

4 Alltechnical or commercial information, eg. concerning the business of Progressfy disclosed
for tobe disclosed to USJ-R by orin behalf of Progresify in connection with this agreement will
he received and held in confidence by USJ-R-and the student concerned unless and until
Progressify gives written approval for release of confidentiality;

». USH-R will tke all reasonable necessary steps to prevent disclosure ofthe technical or commer
information and other matters and drawings or other materials, o others and will not diselose the
same to others without prior writen consent from Progresify.

C. Progressfy and USI-R further agree that:
1. is expressly understood that there willbe no emplayer-employee relationship between Progressify and
the stdentarainces of USI-R;

2. Under no circumstances shall studentrainces of USI-R, look to Progressify as employer, partner or
agent, Neither studentrainecs of USI-R, shall be entitled to any beneits accorded to company's
employees, such as worker's compensation, vacation leave, among others. Progressify shall be
responsible for providing at ts expense and in its name, licenses and permits usual or necessary for
conducting the taining,

13. The student-trainees will be personally responsible for any and all labltes for damage to property oF
injury to third persons, which maybe occasioned by their intentional or negligent acts wii inthe course
of thee trainings

4. The student tmnces and the USI-R Program Coordinator shall abide with Progressify rules and
regulations and comply with those imposed under the programy; otherwise they shall be excluded fom
further participation:

5. Progressty reserves the right to discontinue the on-thejob training of any student-traince upon prior
notice to USI-R:

6. USI-R may pull out any student-traince from the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM upon prior
‘written notice to Progressity.

7. Before the student shal be allowed to undergo the on-the-job training under tis contract, the student, of|
legal age, shall exscute a waiver renouncing and waiving any claim against Progressify and USIR for
any personal injury or pecuniary loss thatthe students may'sUstain or suffer in the performance oftheir
duties and functions while under the on-the-jo training. Meanvile ifthe student isnot of legal age,
the said waiver should be signed by the student and parent or guardian. ‘The waiver of the student
trainees shall be submitted to Progressify and USIR prior to the commencement of the training.

. Thetraince shall old Progressify and USI-R fee and harmless from any sits whatsoever connection
swith this memorandum,

9. Progressify reserves the right to discontinue the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM on material
and reasonable ground upon a receipt of (15)-day written notice to USJ-R,

10, That both parties shall exert all efforts necessary to achieve the objectives of ths joint undertakings

11. That neither ofthe partis shall be liable in any way forthe fuilure to observe or perform any provision
ofthis agreement if such failure shall be caused by any la, rule or regulation of any constituted public
authority or shall be due to any eause beyond the contol ofthe party in default,

12, Should there be any disputes which remain unesolved, USI-R and Progressify agree to seek relief inthe
proper courts of Cebu City only

D. Intellectual Property Rights

All ight in any data, information, specifications, records, reports, techniques, methodologies, and drawings
‘whether recorded on paper or in electronic form, and models, all resulting from performance ofa project shall be
the property of Progressify. Each trainee wil assign copyright, patent rights and any other intellectual property
rights inthe same to Progressify and, atthe cost of Progressfy, to do all acs and sign all documents necessary
to vest or more securely vest in Progressify the intellectual property rights.

E, Duration

This agreement shall take effect immediately upon signing hereof and shall continue thereafter, provided,
however, that any provision ofthis agreement may be amended by after afiteen(15)-day written notice and
consent by both parties, herein and provided further that Progressify or USJ-R reserves the right to withdraw its
Participation inthe agreement upon thirty (30)-y written notice and upon the mutual consent ofthe partis.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereof have signed this Agreement om this day of
in . City.

Progressify ApS UNIVERSITY OF SAN JOSE-RECOLETOS
(COMPANY)

Sebihaa Vasher Beast”
SEBASTIAN VAJHOJ BRANDT REY. FR. CRISTOPHER C. MASPARA, OAR
coo President

SIGNED IN THE PRESENCE OF:

Progressify ApS - PH Project Lead Dean, Schoo! of Computer Studies

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES } ss

BEFORE ME, personally appeared the following persons:

Name Community Tax Cerificate Date & Place Issued
No.

Rev. Fr. Cristopher C. Maspara, OAR

Sebastian Vajhoj Brandt CVR 40351087

‘who are known to me ta be the sume persons who executed and signed the foregoing instrument and who
acknowledged tome that the same are ther free and voluntary acts and deeds

WITNESS MY HAND AND SEAL, at the place and on the sit fist above writen.

Notary Public

Doe. No.
Page No.
Book No.
Series of 2018,
