10. Evaluate the performance of the Student-trainees in 3 terms such as prelim,
midterm and finals within the semestral training at the end of the program.

11.Protect the student-trainees against any form of sexual harassment
pursuant to Republic Act 7877, otherwise known as the “Anti-Sexual
Harassment Act’.

12. The Training Partner reserves the right to discontinue the training of any
Student-trainees on reasonable grounds upon written notice to the
UNIVERSITY concerned.

- RELATIONSHIP. This Agreement does not constitute a partnership agreement or
create an employer- employee relationship, joint venture or agency relationship
between the parties. No party shall hold itself out contrary to the terms of this
Agreement. It is Specifically understood that each party is an independent entity
and shall not be considered an em ployer, employee, agent or representative of the
other. Neither party is a legal representative of the other party, and neither party
can assume or create any obligation, representation, warranty or guarantee,
express or implied, on behalf of the other party for any purpose whatsoever.

- NON-TRANSFERABILITY. The SECOND PARTY may not assign or subcontract
its duties or responsibilities under this Agreement without the prior written approval
of the FIRST PARTY

. INDEMNITY. SECOND PARTY shall defend, indemnify, and hold FIRST PARTY
or his/her representatives, free and harmless from and against all claims,
damages, liabilities and costs of every kind and character resulting from or relating
to the inaccuracy, nonfulfillment or breach of any of SECOND PARTY’S
representation, warranty, covenant or obligation under this Agreement.

. VENUE OF ACTIONS. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the
Republic of the Philippines. Venue of any legal action arising from this Agreement
shall be filed with the courts of Cebu City only to the exclusion of all other courts.

. FORCE MAJEURE ~ No claim for damages by any party shall arise out of any
breach of this AGREEMENT: if such breach is caused directly by government
interference/s or of any statute of,regulation, war, riot, civil disorder, revolution,
acts of public enemies, strike ‘or other labor disturbance, fire, flood, natural
calamities, or any other cause beyond the control of either parties.

- TERMINATION. The FIRST PARTY shall reserve the right to pre-terminate the
Internship program contemplated under this Agreement by serving a written notice
to the other party at least thirty (30) days prior to the intended date of termination
based on the following grounds:

j Tha QECOAIT FIAT Ss fata be wk ee a
