MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT

KNOW ALL BY MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

‘This Memorandum of Agreement is made and entered into by and between:

UNIVERSALTECH INCORPORATED, a domestic corporation duly organized and existing under
and by virtue of the laws of the Republic of the Philippines, with office address at 9/F Unit 9-01 & 9-02 FLB.
Corporate Center, Cebu Business Park, Bray. Luz, Cebu City 6000, represented herein by JACKIELOU M.
LAUDE, HR Manager, who is duly authorized to represent it in this transaction, hereinafter referred to as
UniversalTech Ine.

and

‘The UNIVERSITY OF SAN JOSE ~ RECOLETOS (USJ-R), an educational institution duly
‘organized and existing under the laws of the Philippines, with principal office address at Magallanes St, Cebu
City herein represented by REV. FR. CRISTOPHER C. MASPARA, OAR, University President, whois duly
uthoried to represent iti this transaction, hereinafter referred t as US-R.

WITNESSETH

WHEREAS, UniversalTeeh Ine. under the CORPORATE INTERNSHIP PROGRAM, agrees to
‘sccept students of USJ-R a trainees in its various facilities in support forthe Industry Linkage Program of USI
R

WHEREAS, USJ-R, withthe objective of forging Industry-Academe Linkage to complement existing
curricula to match industry demand, agrees to endorse ther students and provide participants in the said Industry
Linkage Program and tran in UniversalTech Ine,

NOW, THEREEFORE, for and in consideration ofthe foregoing premises, UniversatTech Ine, and USI-R do
hereby agree to stipulate the Following:

A. Universal ech Ine. Sal

1. Sereen, select and deploy to the different facilites and offices of UniversalTech Inc. students
recommended by USJ-R to undergo on-thejob training under the CORPORATE. INTERSHIP
PROGRAM pursuant tothe fllowing conditions:

For Information Technology and Information Systems students
‘minimum of $00 training hours

'. For Computer Science stadents: minimum of 300 training hours,

2. Designate from among its employees an Industry Supervisor who will be assigned the following
responsibilities: x

1. Serve as mentor tothe studen-trainces;

b. Give the studentrainees course-related work assignments and expose them to leaming
experience on actual operations and management,

©. Expose the studentrainees to real situation problems and bottlenecks thus enabling them to
analyze and apply scientific as well as empirical approach tothe solution of problems;

4. Arrange a conference withthe Program Director when student-trainee problem arse

se
‘4 Provide safety instruction throughout the internship period;

7. Adopt and enforce rules that
USER and the student

ill gover the conduct of the program, Said rales shall be made known to
ees before the start ofthe training

1B. USIR shal:

"Designate 2 Program Coordinator who will cordnste wih UniversaTech Ine regarding the various
‘ctivitiesrequirements under this program,

2 Teernimst ind recommend stent who will undergo one-job taining under the CORPORATE
tine a PROGRAM it being understood that only student taking courses whetin ane oe
training isan academic requirement for graduation will be recommended

Send the following student for on-the-job training from;

Saba Dacia
2018 © 2019,
Tears Nae ComseTear ‘Baoan Torben intamay
1. Mikko Renzo C. Mira Bsir—4 MTWTHF - 005m 12:00pm
2. Ruzel Dave M, Bacus Bsir—4 and
3. Daxie Lloyd Ynot Bsir—4 MIWTHE «1:00pm 5:00pm

> Suse UniversaTech Inc the resume and all oer documents required unde this program, which
‘tallsere asthe basi of Universaech ine.tosccen, elect and deploy specif students fe nara

‘Orient students about rules, proper titues, behavior and work ethics inside the internship sit

5 Monitor atendance, activities and perfomance of students during the intemship program in
UniversatTech Ine.

& Motitor compatiblity of job circumstances with the inteship couse requirements forthe student's
sanarst of advanced standing in the program though regular interaction withthe stuentnanece ned
regular visit tothe internship site,

Toga wit he parents concmed, USH-R and the individual students, hold Universal Tech tne. and
Sinha or yy lis or sui ao shal frever defend UniveraTech In. and USIR fon any

7. Undeakeinsrace policy to er iden injures to studenten, ‘
‘veh lim or suit whatsoever in conection wi ths Memorandum of Ne {a

9 -Agroe tothe obligations of confidentiality stout in details as follows:

© AUR wiltake all reasonable necessary steps to prevent disclosure ofthe echnical or commercial
tnformation and other sane nee pr
(C. UniversalTech Inc. and USJ-R further agree that:

"Tiere understood tat thee wil be no employer-employe relaticshipbrweea UnhersafTech
Inc. and the studen-trainees of USI-R;

> rege cumstances shal stdet nines of USE, look o Universe lac. employer, permer
employe seta tainess of USE, shall be entitled to any benefits scerdads cspaayy
sae Met as tarker’s compensation, vacation lave, among others. UniversalTech lnc near oc
Condocting a erin a its expense and in is name, licenses and permis ual cr nore he
conducting the taining

Stara arg ere he Het wo dicominue he ondhejo ining of ny staenrine upon
rir notice to USI-R:

sar cunstons while under the on-the-job taining. Meanie, if the stodet ct of eee
teres Sit naive shoul be signed bythe staden and parent or guardian. The walver of te sont
‘sieessallbe submited UniveraTec Inc. and USIR pir othe commencement of he eas,

% NaiveratTech te reserves the right to dicontin the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM on
‘material and reasonable ground upon a receipt of (5}-day writen notice te USHER

{0 Tat oth partes shall exer all efforts ncesay to achiev the objectives ofthis oat undertaking,

1 Sarininte be any daputes which remain unresolved, USHA and UniversaTech Ine gre to seek
‘elit in the proper courts of Cebu City only.

D. Intellectual Property Rig

ihe ae information specification ont, repos, echigus, methodologies, and dwings
te parceatcn past cin cletronic fom, id models al eauing fom petormance sta eepes een,
the Proper of UnivernalTech tne. Each wine will eign copyright pnt ighr and ec aera ee
Ui ocunats ncn 1 UniveralTech In, and athe cont of UnveraaTech Ines to alas at
{tl docamens ncesary o vest of more securely vest a UaivernalTeeh tn the intellect poner ips

E, Duration

Tis aeeent hl tke effet immedicty pon signing hero and shall contin theaer, provided,
Lear tat ny rosin ofthis agreement may be unended by afer a fiee (ISpday een seo
‘coment by both parties, herein ane! sensei reay_ Pe, amended by after

S25
UNIVERSITY OF SAN JOSE-RECOLETOS
(USER)

REV. FR‘ IC: MASPARA, OAR

‘SIGNED IN THE PRESENCE OF:

Bae Fa
DI ‘VICTOR D. GABISON
Dean, Collegeof Information,
Computer and Communication Technology

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES } ss
LS THEREBIOOR, Be est ep

BEFORE ME, personally appeared the following persons

Name ‘Community Tax Certificate Date & Place Issued
No.

Rev. Fr. Cristopher C.Maspara, OAR _P04361208 -fosguet_f

Jnckielow M. Laude ‘CRM 7 O1024765 Tanwary 2, 2018

‘who are known to me to be the same persons who executed and signed the foregoing instrument and who
acknowledged to me that the same are the free and voluntary acts and deeds.

a8
\WITNESS MY HAND AND 3.8 Wihe place and onthe site frs above writen.

anit EO
ic
eee INTIL DEC. 31, 2019
Page No. ‘geet RAS
Book No. ‘cle # 0023007-12-10-1
Series of 2018 ~~ NO. 46953.

OSALEM $1 Cau COTY
