University of San Jose - Recoletos

Corners P. Lopez & Magallanes Sureets, Cebu City 6000, Philippines

Cotege of Information, Computer and Communizations Technology
December 18, 2017

DR. PATRICIA B, LICUANAN
Chairperson
‘Commission on Higher Education (CHED)

CEBU CTY

‘Through: DR. FREDDIE T. BERNAL rate :
Regional Director VED |.
cHED? at Ob

dave I
<a

Dear Dr. Licuanan:

The University of San Jose-Recoletos - Basak Campus. is nil
‘submitting our Full Project Proposal for the Center of Excellence in IT Education
In Region Vil for SY 2018-2020,

‘Attached is the full project proposal which includ
your review and approval:

the following documents for

= Project Proposal Form (ITCOE Form 1)
= Work and Financial Plan (ITCOE Form 2)

Thank you.

Respectfully yours,
Py Gute Soe

br. VICTOR D. GABISON
Dean, CICCT «

Noted by:

REV. FR.

President

cx: VP Academies
ITCOE Fox +

ity of San Jose-Recoletos

College of Information, Computer and Communications Technology
Basak Campus, Cebu City

C? Project

(Create, Collaborate and Commercialize)
PROJECT PROPOSAL FORM (ITCOE FORM 1)

4. TITLE
a. PROJECT TITLE
C#(Create, Collaborate and Commercialize) Project
b, IMPLEMENTING OFFICE

University of San Jose-Recoletos (USJ-R)

¢. PROJECT FUNDING SOURCE
CHED - 0PS

2. BRIEF DESCRIPTION AND RATIONALE

‘The College of Information, Computer and Communications Technology
(CICCT) as designated by the Commission on Higher Education (CHED) as Center
‘of Excellence in IT Education, commit to provide access to relevant, responsive
‘and quality IT education through continuous development to support the delivery
of quality instruction, research and community extension. It aims to be a catalyst
to sustainable development in the local and national community through the
Creation of innovative products, collaboration with partner industries and HEIs and
‘widest distribution of innovative solutions to problems in the community.

‘The college has gamered numerous awards in different startup and technology
‘competitions such as the Philippine Startup Challenge, Smart SWEEP awards,
Accenture Program the Future and many others. These awards are made possible
through the active research and development initiative of the college and the
strong support of the administration,

In order to achieve sustainable development and continuous production of
novel ideas and researches, there is a need for mechanism to support the growth
(of potential technology-based enterprises and faciltate speedy commercialization
of research outputs. The college is pushing forward for the:

lishment of a
technology business incubator (TB!) and co-working space which will serve as
avenue for faculty and students to produce commercially-viable innovations,

The C? Project’ strategic focus isto work with innovators in technology specific
areas:

* Decision Support System and Data Mining ~ creation of applications in
‘support of enhanced data-driven decision making for SME development,
* Wearable Technology and Mobile Innovations - creation of innovative
‘mobile applications with integration of wearable devices to address

‘pressing community problems.
‘+ Game Development - creation of mobile and web-based games,

3. OBJECTIVES

The project aims to enhance the capability of USJR-CICCT and assist
other HE''s in Region 7 to create, collaborate and commercialize innovative
software products.

Specifically, the project seeks to do the following

‘a, Promote collaboration in research and assist partner HEI's in
‘expanding their capacity to develop innovative solutions and creative
works through visiting professor! expert mentoring and off-
campus course programs,

'. Establish a sustainable software development unit managed by
dedicated team of researchers and developers composed of tained
faculty, experienced alumni, students and industry mentors.

© Acquisition of equipment and upgrading of facilities to support R&D
initiatives to include commercialization of market viable research
outputs.

4d. Increat

research productivity of faculty by providing monetary
‘support for faculty de-oading, research presentation and publication.
©. Prepare students for the veal world by engaging them in actual
Software development projects from actual clients and industry
partners through in-campus internship.

4, PROJECT COMPONENTS:
{In this project, the following are the components:

‘A. RESEARCH CAPABILITY BUILDING THROUGH MENTOR-MENTEE
PROGRAM (MM PRO)

The Mentor-Mentee Program (MM Pro) is a research capability
Program designed to upgrade faculty competencies in writing research
Papers and disseminate the result through presentation and publication
‘The program wil include series of seminar/workshops on research writing
‘and publication and technical topics inline with Cs strategic focus.

MM Pro will also cater to faculty or researchers from other HEI's
subject to a selection criteria. Expected outputs from this program are as
follows:

+ At least 20 faculty or researchers participated the research
‘capacity building program
‘+ For each schoolyear, from 2018 to 2020

© At least one (1) presentation from the participants in an
intemational conference per school

© At least three (3) presentation from the participants in a
local conference per schoo!

(© Atleast two (1) paper publication in an ISI-indexed journal
andlor at least two (2) paper publications in a CHED-
recognized journal per schoo!

A the very least, the invoive faculty members will be made to

undergo actual exercises in developing research concepts and
‘methodologies, validation and testing; and papers for publication.
8B. MENTORSHIP THROUGH VISITING PROFESSOR FELLOWSHIP AND
(OFF-CAMPUS DELIVERY COURSE PROGRAMS

To develop and strengthen the expertise of our faculty members in

the identified areas of specialization, engagement by mentorship through

the visiting professors from other countries, regions or experts from industry

10 deliver short courses and workshops that can |

1d 10 the integration of
‘new and innovative research ideas both in their teaching content and
researches. This can also lead to possible joint research projects and other

-academic—cotabor dea of seyiting foreignor other
experienced local university professors sharing his or her expetience,
expertise and advice regarding research, teaching and other professional
development issues with less experienced colleagues.

‘The other form of engagement in this component, isto involve the
Schooled! trained faculty members in the visiting professor fellowshi
where he will be made to extend developmental ofampus continuing
education courses/ workshops to other HEIs. In this sense, the topics
elivered during the visiting professor scheme will be resonated further
‘The venue will be preferably in another province within the region or nearby
venues in the province of Cebu, This shail be hosted by an HEI who
Provides the use ofthe venue, specifically the computer laboratory for fee.
Expenses for the speaker trainer, transportation and meals both for the
speaker and participants will be shouldered by the funds provided through
this COE engagement.

©. CREATION OF A CO-WORKING FACILITY EQUIPPED WITH THE
NEEDED COMPUTING RESOURCES

‘The concept of co-working is centered on the shared values:

‘community, openness, collaboration, accessibility and sustainability. A co-

‘working space is shared working environment for people who need space

‘and infrastructure to perform their work and may not necessarily working for

‘@ company. The establishment of such space will serve as a venue for
faculty, students and alumni to develop ideas, share interests and
collaborate on projects.

It is essential that the proposed co-working space wil mirror the
selupl arrangement of atypical industry co-working space so as to create
an atmosphere be-fites to a realistic computing working scenario, where
the provision of computing resources like undisturbed intemet both wired or
wireless, relax and comforting furnishings and other computing resources

allowing for a collaborative and innovative-teading engagement. The

proposal will cover-the retiofiting. purchase of computing resources (mobile

°.

‘and workstations) and cloud resources in order for the facility to be
‘operational. To make sure that the operation and function of the facility is
up {0 the expectation, a team comprised of a facilty OIC, facuity and
students will be identified

‘The space will utiize the present R&D Laboratories (BRO1 and
'BRD2), located at the 4° Floor of St. Ezekiel Moreno Bldg, USJ-R, Basak
Campus. This will be the venue of the proposed co-working space, where
the industry faculty immersion, in-house software development unit and in-
campus student internship program.

INDUSTRY FACULTY IMMERSION AND IN-HOUSE SOFTWARE
DEVELOPMENT UNIT

~ With the creation of a co-working space, involved faculty members
‘an undertake remote (teleccmmting) software development based onthe
requirements set by parmer_—industies!)_companies
This scheme is already a common practice especialy inthe outsourcing
space spectcally in sofware development. However, establishing it in an
academic venue is stil tobe desired, Inthis kind of engagement, the remote
software development or outsourcing mode! wil be estabished to respond
to software development requests ofthe partner companies, government
and also intemal sotware sevices requirements ofthe university, This set
sustaining initiative wil provide faculty members industry immersion
‘experience without leaving the school premises by working on projects
uring defined duty schedule.

Capstone projects and theses are a good source of innovative ideas,
Aside from engaging in software development requests, the unit will also
assist previous winners and entries to startup competitions define and
‘shape the idea so that they evolve to viable business ventures.

Faculty members engaged in projects through faculty immersion will
be able to deliver high quality and industry-relevant instruction.

. STUDENT IN-CAMPUS INTI

SHIP

Cons

nt to the faculty immersion’ in-house software development
Unit this proposal also looks into the establishment of a student In-Campus
Telecommuting scheme, This is patterned after Germany's established
University cooperation, where the University provides a space where
lnternship happens in a designated venue in the University and the partner
‘company provides resources, project timelines and designates a liaison
‘This a classical example where it has become a common internship
immersion work style in IT companies seeking for a good production of
CSIIT graduates from universities,

‘The in-campus internship is a program designed to provide students,
.with_ software. development experience in 2 simulated work-environment
without the need to go physically to an office outside the school premises.
‘The co-working space will serve as the venue forthe internship.

This program is open to senior students who are applying for an open
Position in the software development unit (SOU) oF apply for a company
which allows telecommuting.
5. PROJECT ACTIVITIES

ACTIVITIES.

' Meniorstip Brough Vising Preiessar
| Fotowane

‘Sending ofinviations to inerested
Visiting professors in the
‘specialization areas mentoned

2 Scheduling of asses! workshop
3.

‘Sending of invilas to potential

[a Biase wonhop Paper

‘5, Assessment evaluation othe
professor fellowship

8. Send-off of visting professors

'B OffCampus Delivery Course’ Topic
Programs! Workshops

1. Coordinate wth regional

2, Scheduling of of-campus course”
workshops.

Ciass! workshop proper

‘Assessment evaluation ofthe off

ACTIVES.

1. Sending of viation and selecion
of facully members who took part,
[ir speciatzation capacity tang

2 Scheduling and fvilaion ofthe
Speaker vainer

'3_Delivery ofthe waning’ workshop

Planning and identification of
research conferences for
particpation

5. Parlipation in Research
‘conference ana Pubication

ACTIVITIES
1. informing the offeo of the President
through Property administration offca/ |
Campus Planning of the conversion of
'BRO1 and 2 9s a Co-working space i

ee
oe
1 ee

soTwes a ss

T. Teeny" possible project engagements
fang its requrements. in and outside
(Gartner agencies and industry) the | |
campus. This coud aio include areview | | |
‘of past student IT projects/ CS Theses. | | |_|

2 Recruit and assign qualiied Facully |||
members and students to. identified | |
projects I

3 Scoping OT ienied projects. Ths wa |

]

Include the creation of MOA's/ NDA's.

© Creation “of Project. Timelines and
doiwerabies i

‘5 Establish schemes on qualiy assurance ]
(lesting and validation) vie-2-vs project
requirements |

& Immersion’ Software Development
Engagement

ACTIVITIES. 2018,

Setup meetings wh companies wing ||| |
inerosted to angoge in remote ote |
|

Intemsnip development projects

2 Setup MOA or rules of engagement with |
partnered organizations

3 Identity project leads or Walser, who wil |
serve as coordinator! representative of |
the company

4 Establisn project plans, schedules and
doiwerabies

[5 imtersew and sleeion of student interns |
I Campus Engagement | |
7. Assess! evauale the condict of the |) 1

tnagea taser itemshp peogram wh | |
the spectic organization uy li J

6, FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS
a. Total Project Funding Requirement - P3,000,000,00

7. WORK AND FINANCIAL PLAN
‘a. (see attached: Work and Financial Plan ITCOE Form 2)

8, PROPONENT INFORMATION

a. LEAD PROPONENT

~ Dr. Gregg Victor Gabison

Dean, College of Information, Computer and
‘Communications Technology (CICCT) USJ-R

b. PROJECT LEADER
Ms. Jovelyn C. Cuizon

Chairperson, CS/IT Department
College of ICCT, USJ-R
. Technology Leads
|. Data Mining and Decision Support System
Ms, Marisa Buctuanon
= Ms. Josephine Petralba
{i Wearable Technology and Mobile Innovations.
~ Mr, Roderick Bandalan
Mr. Mark Cedrick Antonino
li, Game Development
Engr. Vicente ill Patalita
1d. Co-working Facility Office in Charge (OIC)
~ Engr. Carmel Tejana
@. COOPERATING AGENCIES

+ Engr. Gary Tanael
CHED Regional Office 7, ICT Supervisor
evra somuaswonsvors oo 27
fee ER TACOS A TERETE a
lrousmrracuny emerson wo kuousesonwec cence et| 2s.
err i
Pron o : , smooua

| eee ere

pec |

