MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT.

KNOW ALL BY MEN BY THESE PRESENT

This Memorandum of Agrcement is made and entered into by and between:

SYMPH, INC. a domestic corporation duly organized and existing under and by virtue ofthe laws of
the Republic of the Philippines, with office address at 18th Floor, Skyrise Building 4, Cebu LY. Park,
Barangay Apas, Lahug, Cebu City, Cebu, represented herein by Lincoln Lim, Internship Coordinator, who is
duly authorized to represent it in this transaction, hereinafter referred to as SYMPH, INC.

sand

The UNIVERSITY OF SAN JOSE — RECOLETOS (USJ-R), an educational institution duly
‘organized and existing under the laws of the Philippines, with principal office address at Magallanes St, Cebu
City herein represented by REV. FR. CRISTOPHER C. MASPARA, OAR, University President, who is duly
authorized to represent it inthis transaction, hereinafter relered to as USI-R.

WITNESSETH

AE, 0432, sve, INC wir be CORPORATE INTERNSHIP PROGRAM. sce wot
Eon of USHA names atv ner tap fort ndaty Lkige Papen USE

Industry-Academe Linkage to complement existing
curricula to match industry demand, agrees to endorse their students and provide participants in the said Industry
Linkage Program and train in SYMPH, INC..

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration ofthe foregoing premises, SYMPH, INC. and USJ-R do hereby
agree to stipulate the following

‘A. SYMPH, INC. Shall

1. Screen, select and deploy to the different facilities and offices of SYMPH, INC. students recommended
by USER to undergo on-the-job tuning under the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM pursuant
to the following conditions:

4. For Information Technology and Information Systems students:
‘minimum of $00 training hours.

b. For Computer Science students: minimum of 300 training hours.

2. Designate from among its employees an Industry Supervisor who will be assigned the following
responsibilities:

44. Serve as mentor to the student-trainces;

ve the student-tminces courseelated work assignments and expose them to leaning
experience on actual operations and management,

© Expose the student-rainees to real situation problems and botlenecks thus enabling them to
analyze and apply scientific as well as empirical approach tothe solution of problems;

Arrange a conference withthe Program Director when student-run problem arises

3. Adhere to all regulations regarding las and all rules and regulations pertaining to internship or learners
programs, as well as health and safety laws applicable to entities similarly situated

44. Provide safety instruction throughout the intemship period;

ec ID: oodass63172e262e00tDadbtectebotdnsH4 1a
AEs scons ssf sis hy USLR in conston wih snmp ofthe a

6. Issue certificate of completion to student-rsinees who successfully finish their training under the
rogram:

7. Adopt and enforce ales that wll govern the conduct ofthe program. Said rules shall be made known to
USER and the student-trainces before the start of the training.
1B USIR shall:

1. Designate 2 Program Coordinator who will coordinate with SYMPH, INC. regarding the various
‘ctvitis/requtements under this program;

2. Presclect and recommend student who will undergo on-the-job taining under the CORPORATE,
INTERSHIP PROGRAM, it being understood that only students taking courses wherein on-the-job
training isan academic requirement for graduation will be recommended:

Send the following student for on-the-job training fom:

Tan Dae Dae Ead
February 2022 tw May 2022
TnemsName Comer | Bains
1. Agosia, No sir | MTWTAP- 00am :ddpm
2. gusto, Rasmil Lloyd BSit—4 | MIWTKE- 8:00am — 5:00pm
3._Dagupl, Ma. Alysa Erika Bsit-4 | MIWTHF- 8:00am — 5:00pm,

|3. Submit to SYMPH, INC., the resume and all other documents required under this program, which shall
serve asthe bass of SYMPH, INC. to sreen, select and deploy specific students for Internship;

4. Orient students about rules, proper attitudes, behavior and work ethics inside the internship sit;

‘5. Monitor atendance, activites and performance of students during the internship program in SYMPH,
INC;

6. Monitor compatibility of jab circumstances with the internship course requirements forthe student's
attainment of advanced standing inthe program through regular interaction with the stadent-esinees and
‘regular Visit to the internship site;

7. Undertake insurance policy to cover accidental injuries to student-trainces,

8. Together with the parents concerned, USJ-R and the individual students, hold SYMPH, INC. and USI-
Bree from any claims of suit and shall forever defend SYMPH, INC. and USI-R from any such claim
‘or suit whatsoever in connection with this Memorandim of Agreement,

9. Agree to the obligations of confidentiality stout in details as follows:

4. All technical or commercial information, e., concering the business of SYMPH, INC.
disclosed orto be disclosed to USJ-R by or in behalf of SYMPH, INC. in connection with this
agreement will be received and held in confidence by USJ-R and the student concerned unless
and until SYMPH, INC. gives written approval for release of confidentiality;

». USH-R will take al reasonable necessary steps o prevent disclosure ofthe technical or commercial
information and other matters and drawings or other materials, o others and will not disclose the
same to others without prior written consent from SYMPH, INC,

ec ID: oodass63172e262e00tDadbtectebotdnsH4 1a
YMPH, INC. and USJ-R further agree th

and the studentrainces of USI-R:

a leis expresly understood that there willbe no employer-employee relationship between SYMPH, INC.

2 Under no circumstances shall studentrainees of USI-R, look to SYMPH, INC. as employer, partner or
agent. Nether studentrainees of USI-R, shall be entitled to any benefits accorded to company’s
‘employees, such as worker's compensation, vacation leave, among others. SYMPH, INC. shall be
responsible for providing a its expense and in its name, licenses and permits usual or necessary for
‘conducting the taining.

13. The student-trsinces will be personally responsible for any and all ibilities for damage to property or
injury to third persons, which maybe occasioned by their intentional or negligent acts while inthe course
of their taining:

4. The student trainces and the USJ-R Program Coondinator shall abide with SYMPH, INC. rules and
regulations and comply with those imposed under the program; otherwise they shall be excluded from
further participation:

S$. SYMPH, INC. reserves the right to discontinue the on-the-job taining of any student-traince upon prior
notice 9 USER:

6. USI-R may pal ou any student-traince from the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM upon prior
‘written notice to SYMPH, INC.

7. Before the student shall be allowed to undergo the on-the-job training under this contac, the student, of
legal age, shall exceute a waiver renouncing and waiving any claim against SYMPH, INC. and USJR.
for any personal injury or pecuniary loss thatthe students may sustain or suffer in the performance of
thee duties and functions while under the on-the-job traning. Meanwhile, if the student isnot of legal
age, the said waiver shouldbe signed by the student and parent or guardian. The w
trainees shall be submitted to SYMPH, INC. and USIR prior tothe commencement of the raining.

8. The tmince shall hold SYMPH, INC. and USJ-R free and harmless from any suits whatsoever in
connection with this memorandum.

9. SYMPH, INC. reserves the right to discontinue the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM on
‘material and reasonable ground upon a receipt of (15)-day written notice to USER.

10, That both partes shall exert all efforts necessary to achieve the objectives ofthis joint undertaking;

11, That neither of the parties shall be lable in any way forthe failure to observe or perform any provision
of this agreement if such failure shall be caused by any la, rule or regulation of any constituted public
authority or sall be due to any eause beyond the control ofthe party in default.

12, Should there be any dispotes which remain unresolved, USI-R and SYMPH, INC. agree to seek relief in
‘the proper courts af Cebu City only

D. Intellectual Property Rights

All sighs in any data, information, specifications, record, reports, techniques, methodologies, and drawings
‘whether recorded on paper or in electronic form, and models, all resulting from performance ofa project shall be
the property of SYMPH, INC... Each trance will assign copyright, patent rights and any other intellectual
property rights in the same to SYMPH, INC. and, at the cost of SYMPH, INC., to do all acts and sign all
socumenis necessary to vest or more securely vest in SYMPH, INC. the intellectual property righ.

B, Duration

This agreement shall tke effect immediately upon signing hereof and shall continue thereafter, provided,
however, that any provision of this agreement may be amended by after a fiftcen (1S)-day written notice and
consent by both paris, herein and provided further that SYMPH, INC. or USJ-R reserves the right to withdraw
its participation n the agreement upon thirty (30)-lay written notice and upon the mutual consent ofthe partis.

ec ID: oodass63172e262e00tDadbtectebotdnsH4 1a
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereof have signed this Agreement on this day of

in . City.
SYMPH, INC. UNIVERSITY OF SAN JOSE-RECOLETOS
(COMPANY)

LINCOLN LIM REY. FR. CRISTOPHER C. MASPARA, OAR
Internship Coordinator President

SIGNED IN THE PRESENCE OF:

Cmte)

larthey T.Dela Pesa DR. GREGG VICTOR D. GABISON
‘Chief Operating Of Dean, Schoo! af Computer Studies
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES | ss

BEFORE ME, personally appeared the following persons:

Name Community Tax Cenitieate Date & Place sued
No.
Rev. Fr. Cristopher C. Maspara, OAR

Lincoln Lim nassa7

20, 2021 Cebu
City

‘who are known to me ta be the same persons who executed and signed the foregoing instrument and who
acknowledged to me that the same are ther fe and voluntary acts and deeds.

WITNESS MY HAND AND SEAL, at the place and on te site first above writen,

Notary Public

Doe. No.
Page No.
Book No.
Series of 2018,

ec ID: oodass63172e262e00tDadbtectebotdnsH4 1a
‘ZHELLOSIGN

Document History

G

fo}

se

G

02/28/2022
s21B10 UTC+8

02/28/2022
12:98:14 UTC+8

02/28/2022
129921 UTC+8

02/28/2022
129921 UTC+8

Audit Trail

USI-RMoA,
USI-R MoA pat

(09426563172296220a 1Uadbfeccbatabst4 1343
ham 0D i v¥Y

‘© Signed

‘Sent for signature to Jarthey T. De la Pea
\arthey@symph.co) trom logal@symph.co
\P: 182.10.206.226

\Viewed by Jarthey T. Dela Pea (iacthey@symphco)
\P: 180.190.219.239

‘Signed by Jarthey T.De la Petia jrrhey@symph.co)
1P: 180.190.219.239

‘The document has been completed
