1. It is expressly understood that there will be no employer-employee relationship between 1&1
INTERNET (PHILS.) INC and the Student-trainees of USJ-R;

2. Under no circumstances shall student-trainees of USJ-R, look to 1&1 INTERNET (PHILS.) INC as
employer, partner or agent. Neither student-trainees of USJ-R, shall be entitled to any benefits accorded
to company’s employees, such as worker’s compensation, vacation leave, among others except for the
Training allowance equivalent to seventy five percent of the minimum wage as agreed in this contract.
1&1 INTERNET (PHILS.) INC shall be responsible for providing, at its expense and in its name,
licenses and permits usual or necessary for conducting the training.

tad

The student-trainees will be personally responsible for any and all liabilities for damage to property or
injury to third persons, which maybe occasioned by their intentional or negligent acts while in the course
of their training:

4. The student trainees and the USJ-R Program Coordinator shall abide with 1&1 INTERNET (PHILS.)
INC rules and regulations and comply with those imposed under the program; otherwise they shall be
excluded from further participation:

5. 1&1 INTERNET (PHILS.) INC reserves the right to discontinue the on-the-job training of any student-
trainee upon prior notice to USJ-R:

6. USJ-R may pull out any student-trainee from the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM upon prior
written notice to 1&1 IN TERNET (PHILS.) INC.

7. Before the student shall be allowed to undergo the on-the-job training under this contract, the student, of
legal age, shall execute a waiver renouncing and waiving any claim against 1&1 INTERNET (PHILS.)
INC and USJR for any personal injury or pecuniary loss that the students may sustain or suffer in the
performance of their duties and functions while under the on-the-job training. Meanwhile, if the student
is not of legal age, the said waiver should be signed by the student and parent or guardian. The waiver
of the student-trainees shal] be submitted to 1&1 IN TERNET (PHILS.) INC and USJIR prior to the
commencement of the training.

8. The trainee shall hold 1&1 INTERNET (PHILS.) INC and USJ-R free and harmless from any suits
whatsoever in connection with this memorandum.

2. 1&1 INTERNET (PHILS.) INC reserves the right to discontinue the CORPORATE INTERSHIP
PROGRAM on material and reasonable ground upon a receipt of (15)-day written notice to USJ-R.

10. That both parties shall exert all efforts hecessaty to achieve the objectives of this joint undertaking:

11. That neither of the parties shall be liable in any way for the failure to observe or perform any provision
of this agreement if such failure shall be caused by any law, rule or regulation of any constituted public
authority or shall be due to any cause beyond the control of the party in default.

12. Should there be any disputes which remain unresolved, USJ-R and 1&1 INTERNET (PHILS.) INC
agree to seek relief in the proper courts of Cebu City only.

i

D. Intellectual Property Rights

All rights in any data, information, specifications, records, reports, techniques, methodologies, and drawings
whether recorded on Paper or in electronic form, and models, all resulting from performance of a project shall be
the property of 1&1 INTERN ET (PHILS.) INC. Each trainee will assign copyright, patent rights and any other
intellectual Property rights in the same to 1&1 IN TERNET (PHILS.) INC and, at the cost of 1&1 INTERNET
(PHILS.) INC, to do all acts and sign all documents necessary to vest or more securely vest in 1&1 INTERNET
(PHILS.) INC the intellectual property rights.

E. Duration

This agreement shall take effect immediatelk: nnan ot 4

f
IN

