[nteriority Nationalism Service Pioneerism.
Untegrity Retiabitity [Excellence

University of San Jose -Recoletos
omer. Lopez and Magallanes St, Cebu hy Philppines 600

Se

USJ-R GUIDELINES ON
THE IMPLEMENTATION
OF FLEXIBLE LEARNING

Effective Academic Year 2020-2021
‘TABLE OF CONTENTS

T Rationale 5
1 Definition of Terms 6
UL General Guidelines 9
Vv Implementing Policies and Procedures 1
w fd ‘Requirements and Qualifications For Flexible | 12
Learning
w | 2 Categorization of Learners according to is
Availability of Devices, Internet Connectivity,
and Level of Digital Literacy
w 3 Facilitating Effective Online Teaching and Tt
Learning
Ww) 3 [ar ‘Online Semester Terms rw
IV_|_3 | 32 | Most Essential Learning Outcomes 15
W_| 3 [33 | Synchronous Virtual Learning Arrangement _| 15
IV_|_3_ [34 | Asynchronous Virtual Learning Arrangement | 16.
w | 3 [35 Social and Emotional Online Learning 16
Climate
wl 4 Rules and Discipline 7
Ww | 4 [at Behavioral Expectations 17
w | 4 [42 ‘Academic Integrity a7
Ww] 4 [43 Online Classroom Rules 17
Ww] 4 [4a “Teacher Organization 18
ws ‘Assessment, 20
Ww) 5 [Sa Formative and Summative Online 20
Assessments
Ww | 5 [52 | Grading 2
W_| 6 ‘Communication 21
Ww) 6 [et Communicating Announcements 21
wl) 6 [62 Follow-up and Consultation Time 21
w [7 Tntegration of Non-Academic 21
Formation Programs
w | 8 ‘Adelante LMS Team 2
Ww_|8 [et ‘Adelante LMS Administrator 22
Ww} 8 [a2 ‘Assistant Adelante LMS Administrator 23
Ww) 8 [es Ed Tech Champions 23
Ww_| 8 [ea ‘Adelante LMS SIS Support 24
wl} 8 [as ‘Adelante LMS IT Support 24
w | 9 Orientation for Faculty and 24
Students
w | 9 [or Faculty Teacher Orientation 24

3

v ‘Students Orientation 25
Vv Support Services for Teachers and Students 26
via Capability Building for 26

Faculty/Teachers
v2 “Technical Support for Faculty 26
v2 [aa IT Virtual Help Desk, 26
v2 22 “Technical Assistance for External 26
Ls
vi ‘Monitoring/Evaluation for Ea
Faculty/Teachers
v4 US[-R Virtual Services of Offices/Departments | 27
vi Enhancing the Collaboration with Other 27
Institutions and the Government
Vir Security Measures and Compliance 28
vit ‘On Copyright Infringements 28
vi 2 (On Cyber Safety 28
vi 3 (On Data Privacy. 28
vill Other Related Policies 29
vir) 1 Reservation 29
vi) 2 re-Enrollment Evaluation 30
vil) 3 Enrollment 30
‘Appendices 32
‘Appendix 1 Categorization of Learners Survey 33
Appendix 2 ‘Organizational Forms of Online Teaching 35
‘Appendix 3 Instructional and Social Organizations of | 36
Learning
‘Appendix 4 Classification of Learning Methods for Different | 38
Participants
‘Appendix 5 ‘Students’ Netiquette Guidelines for Online 3
Classes
‘Appendix 6 Teachers’ Netiquette Guidelines for Online @
Classes
Bibliography 5

1 RATIONALE

‘The United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization
(UNESCO) has developed a Global Action Programme to create a new set of
Sustainable Development Goals as a blueprint for a sustainable world (UNESCO,
2014), SDG number 4: Quality Education, promotes inclusive and action-oriented
programs to fight against emerging catastrophes, enabling academic institutions to
develop a continuing program for learning by embracing inclusivity by utilizing
varied modalities and learning approaches and integrating Information and

Communication Technology (ICT),

{As the modern view suggests, 21st-century teachers must embark on change
by providing students with new opportunities to learn. With that, educational
technology reinforces situated learning and social constructivism (Ford & Lott,
2011), Such a theory connotes that the learners’ experiences effectively enable
their development and interests (Bada & Olusegun, 2015). Situated Learning
‘Theory suggests that educational technology can provide long experiences in
virtual environments (Bell, Maeng & Binns, 2013) Industry 4.0 highlights creative
and exciting lesson interactions using various technology tools through varied,
flexible learning modalities. The integration of ICT in classes provides new
pedagogy for the teaching and learning process as part of the educational paradigm
shift (Singh et al, 2019)

‘The Corona Virus Disease 2019 (CoVid-19) negatively impacts biodiversity,

economy, society, and most especially in educational institutions and learners
Presidential Proclamation No. 922 placed the country under the state of Public
Health Emergency. To help fight the spread of COVID-19, the Inter-Agency Task
Force (IATF), Department of Health (DOH), and other National Government
Agencies (NGAs) collaborate with the Local Government Units (LGUs) for minimal
movement among people. Hence, this results in the prohibition of face-to-face oF

physical classes among all educational institutions. Distant flexible learning using
varied modalities integrating ICT is then encouraged to be an alternative for
teaching and learning delivery.

Given these conditions, and guided by "Caritas et Scientia,” the University
of San Jose-Recoletos continues to serve the community through its already
existing “Virtual US}-R" program by using various technology tools in the "new
normal." Adhering to CHED's minimum requirements for flexible learning and the
University's academic program's internationalization, USJ-R migrates and shifts all
its operations, services, and classes online. The University implements flexible
learning using MODIFIED HYBRID LEARNING modality powered by its own
‘Adelante Learning Management System (LMS). Carrying out its mission of "Quality
Christian Community-Oriented Education," USJ-R continues to address the learning
community's needs. Its remote facilities and highly competent and well-trained
teachers shift to "Flexible Teaching-learning Modalities." Equipped with print and.
digital educational resources, the University caters tothe students’ needs wherever

they are in the country. US}-R continues to build its mission by providing a quality

education for the people here and beyond.

1. DEFINITION OF TERMS

For purposes of these guidelines, the following terms are defined:

1, Adelante Learning Management System (LMS) is a leaning
‘management platform used by the University.

2. Augustinian pedagogy is a teaching method based on the necessary
formation process that carries a responsibility towards life. The process
gives equal importance to form the will spiritual, intellectual, and moral
dimensions. itis founded on love, which serves as the leading force for
its process and development. Love enthralls and inspires any activity to
learn, giving it meaning and leads towards man's aspiration ~ come

closer to God's love.
10,

1

Asynchronous refers to learning events that do not happen at the same
place and simultaneously.

Blended learning is a modality of educational delivery that combines
traditional classroom-based instruction and online learning approaches.
Copyright infringement refers to a violation of the copyright of an
individual or organization,

Faculty/Teacher is an individual who provides instruction in USJ-R. A
believer in man and his possibilities; considers oneselfa mediator. From
a friendly, humane, and sympathetic perspective, arouses the dialogue
that leads the student towards knowledge and truth, The
faculty's/teacher's mission is based on the absolute belief that love
empowers knowledge and empowers love.

Flexibility refers to offering choices in the educational atmosphere and
talloringa given course to address individual students’ needs.

Flexible learning is the design and delivery of courses, programs, and
learning interventions that address learners’ unique needs in terms of
place, pace, process, and learning products. It involves using
clectronic/digital and non-digital/non-electronic technology. It covers
face-to-face learning and out-of-classroom learning modes of delivery or
combination of methods of delivery. It ensures the continuity of
Inclusive and accessible education when traditional teaching modes are
not feasible, as in national emergencies.

Formative assessment refers to the various ways teachers use to
evaluate students’ learning needs and academic progress during a
lesson, unit, or course.

Intellectual Property Right (IPR) is the right given to individuals over
their minds' creations, including copyrights, patents, utility models, and
trademarks.

Learning Management System (LMS) refers to software tools designed
to manage open and distance learning services. It provides three main
user functions - teacher, student, and administrator. Itis a system aimed

7
12,

13,

4,

15,

16,

17,

18,

19,

20.

at managing online learning services, eg, the provision and management
of course content, students’ enrollment, and grading.

Modified hybrid learning emphasizes the utilization of synchronous
and asynchronous tools to encapsulate teaching and learning not
necessarily through face to face but through virtual interaction.

Most Essential Learning Outcome (MELO) refers to statements that
specify what students will know, do, or demonstrate the outcomes upon
completing a course or program.

Online learning refers to synchronous or asynchronous learning
environments using different digital/electronic devices with internet
access. Students can be anywhere to learn and interact with
faculty/teachers and other students.

‘The online learning approach refers to correlative assumptions
dealing with online teaching,

Online learning methodologies refer to the series of related acts or
procedures performed by both teachers and students online to attain the
lesson objectives.

Online teaching and learning strategies refer to the teacher's art of
devising and employing online learning to achieve the course outcomes,
Open Educational Resources (OER) are educational materials
Introduced with a free license or public domain. Anyone can legally and
freely copy, adapt, use, and re-share these resources. ‘These materials
Include audio, video, animation, projects, curricula, tests, and
assignments.

‘The student is an individual studying in USJ-R. A lover of truth and
therefore pursues it from his restlessness and responsible freedom.
Humble and receptive, but conversant and participative. Begin one's
journey in self-knowledge to direct his life and transcendence.
Summative assessment evaluates students’ learning, skills acquisition,
and academic achievement after completing a defined instructional

period.
21. Synchronous refers to an event of learning in which a group of people is
engaged in learning simultaneously in any form, whether it is online or

‘meeting physically.

UI, GENERAL GUIDELINES

Im line with the Vision, Mission, and Goals (VMG) of the University of San
Jose-Recoletos (US}-R) and adherence to CMO No.4, s. 2020, the “Guidelines on the
Implementation of Flexible Learning” set by the Commission on Higher Education
(CHED), Department of Education (DepEd), Legal Education Board (LEB), Technical
Education and Skills Development Authority (TESDA) and other related
government agencies, US} shall:

1. consider from the perspective that a flexible learning-teaching
design is rooted in students’ needs. Its main objective isto provide
learners with the most flexibility on the learning content,
schedules, access, and innovative assessment, making use of digital
and non-digital tools;

2. continue to exercise their judgment/academic freedom to deploy
available flexible learning and other alternative modes of delivery
in place of in-campus learning/face-to-face modality. The exercise
of discretion by USJ-R and its faculty/teacher must be reasonable,
transparent, and the delivered content are outcomes-based
validated;

3. adopt flexible learning that complements outcomes-based
education, which allows flexibility in employing various means of
delivery and assessment as long as they can show the achievement
of the set learning outcomes for each program;

4, review all the curricular offerings in terms of learning content, and

make the necessary adjustments or modifications in the course

9
contents/requirements, determine alternative options in the
design, pedagogy, and assessment mechanisms that students may
avail through various modalities;

enliven the curriculum with gospel values, exemplify the

Augustinian charism and Josenian core values - Interiority,
Nationalism, Service, Pioneerism, Integrity, and Reliability
(INSPIRE) - in the pursuit ofits vision, mission, and goals based on
an integral process aimed at bringing to light and energizing
through the cognitive force of love all the latent potentialities in
the student;

6. decide on the most viable form of flexible learning and teaching
that can be utilized based on their capability, existing condition,
national government agency guidelines, and local government unit
advisories;

7. establish means for student and teacher engagement
communication, which may include Short Message Services (SMS),
electronic mail (email), chat instant messaging, and other means
whichever is convenient, appropriate, and available to ensure
personalized, effective, efficient, and timely mentoring and
feedback mechanisms;

‘8 provide mechanisms to inform and orient learners on the learning
system to be implemented, which may be in the form of course
packages for students and accessible online and offline. Course
packages may include course syllabi, study guides, learning
activities, the available repository of learning resources, schedule
of lessons/consultations, assessments, monitoring of students
engagement, and mechanics of submission of requirements,
grading system, feedback portals, student support systems, and
the like, to assist students in managing their study time and
‘maximizing their learning; provide methods and procedures for

the transition of Flexible Learning in disseminating to all its

10
10.

1.

12.

13.

stakeholders which may be in the form of the policy document
(eg, primer, guidebook), implement mechanisms for students to
receive/access digital course packages/instructional_ materials
through digital platforms;

encourage the optimum use of technology to support learning and
teaching:

a. Determination of the technology level of students in
delivering the programs;

b. Provision of a multi-media or learning resource center
to technically support to faculty members in
developing IT-enabled and IT-related instructional
materials

€ Access/Utilization of electronic library or available
OER as a reference in various flexible learning
pedagogies and disciplinal content; and

4. Utilization of the Adelante Learning Management
System (LMS);

implement and explore grants or support capacity building
programs for administrators, faculty, and staff on transitioning to
flexible learning:

ensure that health and safety protocols are maintained at all times
and establish a means to remind students, faculty/teachers, and
other school personnel of the health and safety protocols through
a display of digital reminders

explore partnerships with relevant agencies and organizations to
strengthen or complement existing resources, infrastructure, or
connectivity to ensure undisrupted learning of the students; and
join/form consortia/coalition/networking to facilitate capacity

building programs and sharing of resources

n
IV, _ IMPLEMENTING POLICIES AND PROCEDURES

‘These implementing policies and procedures provide the details on how to

implement the general guidelines mentioned above fully.

‘Requirements and Qualifications for Flexible Learning

Table 1
Requirements and Qualifications for Flexible Learning,
for Faculty/Teacher and Student

3 Teachingand | The culty /teacher The student
Learning On | a4 attendedthetrainingin | a. hasbeen given
Factitating | Adelante LM frientation on Adelante
Flexible 422 can facitate online | LMS
Learning learning (Technology ‘22 caninteract with online

Enhanced Learning) learning (Technology

423 has access to elearning. | Enhanced Learning),
resources 103 has access toelearning
424 has the competencies in | resources;

‘managing virtual learning | a4 is mindful ofthe ethical
environments Standards in virtual learning
5 cannavigatevaried | environments: and
Learning Management | a.5can navigate varied
Systems and technology | Learning Management
tools and systems and technology
‘is mindfl ofthe ethicat | tools
Standards in virtual learning

environments,

1B Technology | Hardware: Tartare
Requirements | AtleasthasaDesktop/ | Atleasthasa

Laptop (Syearsold or | ‘Smartphone (android
tess] 103)
Internet EA. Minima Speed Minimum Speed
Connection Five (5) Megabitsper | One (1) Megabits per
second (Mbps) Second (Mbps)
2. Minimum Data 2, Minimum Data
Allocation ‘location:
20 Gigabytes (GB) 15 Gigabytes (6B)
allocation per month allocation per month

2
2. Categorization of Learners according to Availability of
Devices, Internet Connectivity, and Level of Digital Literacy

24

22

At the start of the class, students will be required to
answer the Categorization of Leamers Survey (Appendix 1)
to determine their technology access for flexible learning,
‘The survey result will be used as a basis for the
faculty/teacher to select appropriate methods, approaches,
and possible interventions suitable to students’ needs to
achieve optimum learning

‘The categories are the following:

24.1 High-level Technology - has complete access to the
world- wide web through various technology tools
for learning such as laptops, mobile phones, tablets,
or desktop.

24.2 Mid-level Technology ~ has access to the world-
wide web using mobile phones as a source for
searching the information,

2.1.3 Low-level technology - has limited to no access to
technology. Students in this category are advised to
enroll upon the return of actual face to face learning
as university courses demands high level and mid

level technology requirements.

‘To assist the students based on their categories, each
school/department must design its flexible teaching and
learning schemes. These technologies will facilitate students!
learning in achieving the outcomes intended for every
course. Appendices 2, 3, and 4 are the reference guides of

suggested designs,

a
Flexible Learning and Teaching Schemes

Table2

High-ievel Laptops, Fast | Proficient | Onlineand
‘Technology smartphones offline activities
tablets; desktops more onenline

‘etivities

Mediunvievel | Mastiyavalable | Slow | Advanced | Onlineand
‘Technology smartphones offline activites
Towle Some Toworne | Beginner | SalFinstructionat
‘Technology | smartphones oro | Internet modules/mosty
technology | connection ‘offline activites

3. Eacilitating Effective Online Teaching and Learning

Facilitating online teaching and learning needs the same
energy and willingness from the faculty/teacher. However, it will
require their utmost patience and resourcefulness on the
technology tools to use. The faculty/teacher must serve as an
Initiator of the flexible curriculum. The best way to facilitate
effective online teaching and learning is to use effective and
efficient approaches, procedures, and technology tools and
applications to assist the faculty /teacher in the online, flexible, and
blended learning modalities.

Here are the key components of classroom management,
and procedures to guide the faculty in facilitating classes in an
online setting
3.1 Online Semester Terms

USI-R flexible modality continues to adhere to the

usual semester terms ~ Prelim, Midterm, and Finals, which

“
32

33

will be scheduled by the Vice-President for Academics and
the University Registrar. Each term still concludes with an
evaluation administered through online/flexible means in
the new normal. Out of the number of learning hours
expected in a semester, part of it must be dedicated to
synchronous virtual meetings with the students to foster
personalized engagement despite learners’ distance from the
faculty teacher.

Most Essential Learning Outcomes (MELO)

Part of scheduling concerns is the faculty's entire plan
for the semester. While planning for the courses to be
handled throughout the whole semester, the faculty/teacher
‘ust identify the MELO in each course. The identification of
the MELOs assists faculty/teacher in determining the
‘outcomes that must be achieved extensively by the students
during the semester. The MELO must be from the set of
program /course intended learning outcomes.
‘Synchronous Virtual Learning Arrangement

Al faculty/teachers shall observe the minimum and
‘maximum number of virtual learning sessions with students
per week, as determined by the respective deans/principals
‘This scheme gives both the teacher and students ample time
to perform other offline activities. Simultaneously, meeting
virtually, they share needed instructions and competencies
and clarify essential concepts (Appendix 2).

Alongside the Adelante LMS, Microsoft Teams, Google
Meet, Zoom, Messenger Rooms, and Skype are the most
common applications for education-related purposes. The
faculty teacher should use visual means to present the day's

‘outcomes or topics during the virtual clas.

15
3.4 Asynchronous Virtual Learning Arrangement
‘The remaining learning hours of the week's classes on a
particular course will be dedicated to the students!
asynchronous academic work. The faculty/teacher must set
weekly lesson activities and tasks that the students can
flexibly do.
3.5. Social and Emotional Online Learning Climate
‘Along with the academic requirements, the students’
social and emotional states are also critical and should be
given due consideration. While transitioning to the new
normal, one should be mindful of the world crisis everyone

faces. With this, the faculty/teacher must advocate for a

desirable online learning climate through the following

procedures:

3.5.1 The faculty/teacher must assure students that their
well-being is equally essential and complete output
and tasks.

3.5.2 While the school has set standards; the teacher must
understand every student's unique situations.

3.5.3. The faculty/teacher must be sensitive to the students!
academic, behavioral, and emotional problems
during this crisis and must not pass judgment. The
faculty teacher must take appropriate steps to assist
and refer the student to the Student Development

and Placement Center (SDPC) for counseling.

3.54 While students are expected to participate in the
synchronous activity, they may be excused for valid
reasons for absence. However, teachers give other
activities requirements for students to make up for

their absence.

16
355

35.6

35.7

35.8

When assigning asynchronous tasks to the students,
the faculty/teacher must ensure that students can
reasonably perform these within the course's time.
‘The faculty/teacher may set deadlines for graded
activities. However, work submitted beyond the
deadline may still be accepted and graded by the
faculty teacher ifthey can provide valid reasons.
Should there be signs of cyberbullying or
discrimination; the faculty/teacher should stop right
away. The Student Affairs Office should also be
informed whenever there are cases where teachers,
cannot settle immediately.

‘The faculty/teacher and students must strictly
observe the guidelines and provisions set under the
Anti Sexual Harassment Act (RA 7877) and Safe
Spaces Act (RA 11313)

Rulesand Discipline

4.1 Behavioral Expectations

Students and teachers must observe proper conduct

during online classes as stipulated in the student and faculty

‘manuals, respectively.

4.2 Academic Integrity

Everyone must observe academic integrity by avoiding

all intellectual dishonesty forms and adhering to the

University's intellectual property policy.

43° Online Classroom Rules

‘The faculty/teacher shall set classroom rules in

synchronous and asynchronous modes for students to follow,

‘to maintain a positive and respectful learning climate in an

Fa
online setting, and to minimize disruptions along the way.

‘The rules must likewise conform to the Student Manual

For synchronous virtual classes, faculty/teacher must

decide on rules about when to speak or engage, turn on and,

‘off the microphones and videos, and when internet

connectivity is low.

For asynchronous activities, the faculty/teacher must

set rules on what students can post in-class chat, including.

guidelines on group/individual work, submissions, and

44 Teacher Organization
44. Setting Up of E-Class

442

The Adelante LMS is used to facilitate the
delivery of instruction in a flexible learning
environment. Teachers must update their electronic
classes regularly through the LMS, Likewise, the
faculty/teacher must attend meetings/feedbacking
sessions with the Ed Tech Champions to address
LMS concerns.
Routines

Because of the online setup of the classes,
using routine activities is more useful than ever.
Routines speed up the teacher's delivery of
instruction and students’ learning. These routines
intertwine with the class rules.

‘The routines that the faculty/teacher must
decide to set forthe class may include the following:

+ starting and ending the class with a
prayer

+ checking students’ attendance

18
+ asking and answering a virtual class
question
+ assessing students’ performance
+ giving peer feedback and receiving
own feedback
+ collecting outputs from students
443 Course Syllabi
‘The course syllabi must include online delivery
‘modes and processes used in the class.
444 Instructional Technique
As US}-R adopts synchronous and
asynchronous delivery modes, the teachers are free
to decide on the use of varied teaching strategies,
which may include the following
+ Direct Instruction/Lecture
+ Case Study
* Debate
* Discussion
+ Student-led Discovery
+ Experiential Learning
# Academic Games or Composition
+ Brainstorming
Drill and Practice
# Independent Study
+ Collaborative Learning
‘The methods mentioned may be integrated
into the lesson development using the modi

hybrid learning approach, whether synchronous or
asynchronous (Appendices 3 & 4).

19
5

Assessment
5. Formative and Summative Online Assessment
Teachers must conduct formative and summative
online assessments to determine whether the expected
outcomes are achieved. Before considering formal
assessment, the faculty/teacher must ensure that the module
content's flow is not just presenting content but also
facilitating its learning. During constructive learning by the
students, the faculty/teacher can do formative assessments,
‘The summative assessment may be given once ensured that
students understand the module. Some guidelines teachers
‘may consider in each type of assessment are:

Table3
Formative and Summative Online Assessment

Formative ‘Summative
{along the process oflearning) | (end ofthe learning process, graded)

Understanding tysome eters, and |" Sscssment™[objective, subjective, ae

teflecon student lear performance type) alined with the
ourse/enson outcomes.

tndeoringltc loner’ | «Cone een cones of he mde

2

5.2 Grading
‘The Grading System must adhere to the University
Manual and the standards and guidelines set by each

school/department.

6. Communication
Communication is crucial in the online delivery of classes
because of the flexibility of schedules. At the beginning of the
semester, schools/departments must create an open communication
channel with its students to the schools/departments to facilitate
smooth-sailing endorsements of subjects.
6.1 Communicating Announcements
The faculty/teacher must seta routine in
disseminating announcements, reminders, and updates.
6.2. Follow Up and Consultation Time
‘The faculty/teacher must have a designated schedule

during the week to follow-up and consult with students.

7. Integration of Non-Academic Formation Programs
‘As a Recollect institution, the University aims for the holistic
formation of Josenians inspired by St. Augustine's pedagogical
approach to forming a person's mind and heart. The following are
the offices that collaborate to take care of students! spiritual,
psycho-social, discipline, and socio-civi formation:
Campus Ministry Office (CMO)
b. Student Development and Placement Center
(soc)
Student Affairs Office (5A0)
Athletics Office (AO)

€. Nom-Formal Education and Community Outreach

Program (INFECOP)

a
‘These offices shall work hand in hand with the Academic

formation offices to achieve the schoo!’s vision, mission, and goals.

Adelante LMS Team

‘The team comprises the LMS Administrator, Assistant LMS
‘Administrator, Ed Tech Champions, SIS Support, and IT Support
‘The school board appoints the team members and is under the

supervision of the Vice-President for Academics.

8.1 Adelante LMS Administrator

‘The LMS Administrator ensures stable LMS operations and

performs the following functions:

8.1.1 Sets-up LMS org units;

8.1.2 Creates user accounts for faculty and students;

8.1.3 Bulk creation of courses based on Student Information
System (SIS) course offerings

8.14 Bulk enrollment faculty and students to course
offerings from SIS enrollment data;

8.1.5 Creates college course template for bulk course copy to
course offerings:

8.1.6 Manages roles and permissions; grants access to deans
and chairs for monitoring courses offered in their
respective schools/departments;

8.1.7 Coordinates with the external LMS provider on URL
‘masking/ vanity URL;

8.1.8 Provides technical support to faculty and students to
address issues/concerns escalated by the Ed Tech
Champions; and

18.1.9 Generates relevant reports based on log data,

2
{8.2 Assistant Adelante LMS Administrator

‘The Assistant LMS Administrator assists the | LMS
‘Administrator in the operations and has the following specific
functions:

8.2.1 Takes charge of the institutional email concerns for
faculty and students. Coordinate with IT Support
Service personnel in the creation of USJ-R email
addresses;

8.2.2 Assists the faculty members in content creation and
migration;

8.2.3 Manages User Accounts ~ checks if all accounts were
enrolled to org units and accommodate concerns
related to changes to user account details and user
authentication (login issues, password resets, and the
like); and

8.2.4 Sets - up MS Teams PLC for each school/department.

8.3 Ed Tech Champion

‘The Eid Tech Champion has the following functions:

8.3.1 Ensures that all faculty members of assigned schools
have activated their respective institutional email
addresses;

8.3.2 Assists and monitors faculty registration to the
external LMS provider to access “Guided Training"
inclusive of self-guided content and instructor-guided
training webinars on instructor tools/workflows;

8.3.3 Assists faculty in content creation and migration;

8.3.4 Manages Adelante LMS helpline for teachers through

MS Teams PLC to address concerns/issues on LMS;

2
8.3.5 Manages Adelante LMS helpline for students through
Facebook (Fb) page to address concerns/issues on
LMS; and

8.3.6 Manages homepage for assigned schools and

departments; display announcements and relevant

Information about the school/department.

‘8.4 Adelante LMS SIS Support
‘The SIS support provides access to relevant SIS data by

generating pre-formatted csv files for bulk tools management.

84 Adelante LMS ITSupport

‘The IT support writes a script to retrieve enrollment
data from SIS, provided database connection, and configures the
server to use adelantelmsusjredu.ph as the main URL to access the

LMS and email notifications using the US}-R domain address.

9. Orientation for Faculty and students
9.1 Faculty/Teacher Orientation
The chairs/deans/principals of the different schools
shall provide orientation to their faculty/teachers. The
orientation includes the following:
9.1.1 Number of units load and class density;
9.12 Additional qualifications to handle flexible learning
modalities;
9.1.3 Faculty/Teacher’s devices and minimum internet
connection required for flexible learning;
9.14 Use of schoo! facilities internet subsidy;
9.15 Number of hours allocated for virtual learning
environment (eg, virtual face-to-face using
Microsoft Teams, Zoom, Google Meet, and the like);

2m
92.

9.1.6 Utilization of Adelante LMS; and

9.7 Available guides facilitate the delivery of programs
through online learning (eg, Netiquette for
Students/Teachers (Appendices 5 & 6), and the like)

Students Orientation
‘The students shall be given orientation on the following
9.2.1 University Vision, Mission, Goals, and Core Values

During the opening of classes, all teachers shall
conduct subject-class orientation, including the Vision,
Mission, Goals, and Core Values of the University

9.22. Understanding Flexible Teaching-Learning

At the start of the semester, the students are
given a session to understand modified hybrid
teachingc-learning in the flexible teaching-learning
environment.

9.2.3 Adelante Learning Management System

A session is given to students on the Adelante
Learning Management System at the beginning of the
semester.

9.24 Course Requirements and Class Rules,

All faculty/teachers shall provide proper and
appropriate orientation to all students enrolled in the
class at the start of the semester, summer classes, or
academic year. Among others, it includes the
following

a. Minimum hardware and internet.
connection requirements;
b. Categorization of learners for

differentiated learning activities;

Fy
© Class rules and policies including
etiquette;

4. time allocation for virtual face-to-face

€. Modes of delivery;

f. Submission of requirements;

Assessments and evaluation; and

hh. Academic/Other forms of support

(eg, e-resources, Helpline, and the like)

\V. _ SUPPORT SERVICES FOR TEACHERS AND STUDENTS

US}-R shall provide support services to both faculty/teachers and students

‘Among others, these services include the following:

1. Capability Building for Faculty/Teachers
Alteachers shall undergo training on the following:
1.1 Flexible learning anchored on the Augustinian Pedagogy; and
1.2 Utilization ofthe Adelante LMS.

2. Technical Support for Faculty and Students
24 LMSHelpline
‘A virtual helpline is available to support
faculty/teachers and students on LMS problems and
2.2. Technical Assistance for External LMS
According to the terms and conditions of the service
agreement, USJ-R shall be given the necessary technical

support for LMS use.

a
3. Monitoring/Evaluation for Faculty/Teachers
There shall be periodic monitoring, evaluation, and

feedback on instruction delivery by the faculty /teacher.

4, US/-R Virtual Services of Offices/Departments
‘The faculty teachers and students can also avail of the
following virtual services:

4.1 E-library and other available Online Educational Resources
(OER) as references in various online flexible learning
pedagogies and disciplinal content;

4.2. Innovation and Technology Support Office (ITSO) services on
Patent Search, Patent and Utility Model Application Drafting,
and other Intellectual property (LP.)_protection-related

4.3 Quality Assurance software (like Grammarly and Turnitin)
and other software for data analytics for research and
publication undertakings; and.

44 Virtual services ofall non-academic offices.

ENHANCING THE COLLABORATION WITH OTHER INSTITUTIONS
AND THE GOVERNMENT

US}-Ris open to collaboration with other HEls, government agencies, industry
partners, and other institutions to ensure high-quality instruction. Among others,
the collaboration includes differentiated learning and effective learning outcomes
ina flexible learning environment. Among others, the collaboration may involve
discussion and sharing of flexible learning modalities, self-directed/regulated
learning, scientific and technological support, spiritual, socio-civic, psycho-

spiritual, and psycho-virtual support.

2
VIL _ SECURITY MEASURES AND COMPLIANCE

1. On Copyright Infringements
Everyone is expected to observe academic integrity based

‘on the guidelines stipulated in the University's Intellectual Policies.

2. On Cyber Safety
In recognition of the vital role of information and
the

communications technology, especially in this “new norm:
University provides a conducive environment to the application
and development of information and communications technology
as well as the necessity of protecting the confidentiality and
Integrity University's systems, networks and databases stored
therein from misuse, abuse, and illegal access.

The University shall likewise help protect all
administrators, faculty, employees, students, and other
stakeholders against cyber-attacks and threats. The University
shall carry out the provisions on the individual prohibited and
punishable acts under the Revised Penal Code and the Cybererime
Prevention Act of 2012 (R.A. No, 10175), Anti-Child Pornography
‘Act of 2009 (RA. No. 9775), and the Anti-Photo and Video
Voyeurism Act of 2009 (R.A. No. 9995).

3. OnData Privacy
US}-R shall have an active Data Privacy Committee to
ensure adherence to the Data Privacy Act of 2012 (R.A. No, 10173),
including the following guidelines:
BAL. Administrators, employees, faculty/teachers, students, and
fother stakeholders shall be mindful of the University's

protocols in handling personal information;

28
3.2. Faculty/Teachers, parents, and students shall be given
proper orientation on the location of house meetings and
general housekeeping rules for using age-appropriate online
platforms: if possible:

3.3. The background shall be bland so that there shall be no
additional information that can be taken about the location;
and

34, There is no personal or sensitive data visible during the
‘meeting.

3.5 No administrators, employees, faculty/teachers, and
students can upload class discussions on the internet unless
permitted to do so by proper authorities. They should not
keep recordings of virtual educational meetings unless
considered necessary to achieve specific learning objectives.
Recordings ofthese virtual meetings shall be tagged as highly
confidential and allowed to be stored only within the
specified duration.

3.6 The data subjects shall only use institutional email addresses
‘when using any platform facility ofthe University. The
platform must manage the identification of accounts and log-

VIIL OTHER RELATED POLICIES

PRE-ENROLMENT EVALUATION, REGISTRATION, AND ENROLMENT

1. Registration
Students’ registration fora particular___ term
(trimester/semester/summer/academic year) is conducted before
enrollment according to the respective departments’ schedules. New
students shall register with the department by accomplishing the

Fy
reservation form and paying the corresponding non-refundable

reservation fee, which shall be deductible from the enrolment fee.

Pre-Enrolment Evaluation

Before enrollment, all students must undergo the pre-
enrollment evaluation through the School Information Service
(S18) portal by logging in to their accounts. Students select the
courses they intend to enroll in the following term.

‘The “officer of the day" evaluates the selected courses,

srades, and compliance of the pre-requisite courses.

Enrolment

3.1 New students with approved applications for admission may
proceed with their enrollment during the designated
schedules,

3.2. Continuing students (old students) must first undergo the
online pre-enroliment evaluation by logging in to the School
Information Service (SIS) portal at edp.usjr.eduph before
enrolling during the scheduled enrollment period

3.3. Transferees shall submit a duly accomplished application
form to the Special Admissions Committee (SAC) thru the
Student Affairs Office of his intention to transfer. After
approval of SAC’s application, the applicant shall log in to the
new applicants’ SIS portal and proceed to the enrollment
process.

3.4 Retumees must first apply for Official Subject Evaluation
(OSE) from the Registrar's Office at least one week before
enrollment. Submit online the requirements (OSE and
Certificate of Good Moral Conduct) school admission

‘committee for evaluation and processing.
3.5 Students who intend to shift to a new degree program must
first apply for pre-enrollment evaluation thru their SIS

account before enrolling in the desired new degree program,

‘The enrollment schedules, requirements, qualifications, and
the step-by-step guide on the process and other enrollment
related concerns are posted at the US}-R website and the US|-R

Official Facebook Page.

a
@ {US}-R GUIDELINES ON THE IMPLEMENTATION OF FLEXIBLE LEARNING

APPENDICES
US}-R GUIDELINES ON THE IMPLEMENTATION OF FLEXIBLE LEARNING

APPENDIX 1

Categorization of Learners Survey

Name: Date:
Time of Class: cours
Teacher:

Introduction: This evaluation tool assists the teachers/faculty members ofthe University of
San Jose - Recoletos in determining the three types of students based on their internet
accessibility and technology availability.

Instruction: Kindly answer the following questions by putting a checkmark on whichever
statement applies to you.

1. What is your level of connectivity at home?
Fall access (can easily open and download videos, join virtual meetings and
‘conferences without connection disruption)
Limited access (can open and sometimes download pictures and PDF files,
‘but can hardly join virtual meetings and conferences)
No access at all

2, What is your internet connection in your residence?
Wired (eg, DSL, Fiber)

Wireless (Broadband, pocket Wi-Fi, and the like)

Cellular Data

3. What gadgets or technology tools are available at home to conduct online classes?
"Smartphones
Laptop
Tablet or iPad
Desktop
Others, please specify

33
4. What modality of learning will you prefer?

Synchronous Learning (learning that happens in real-time in a specific virtual place
through a specific online medium at a specific time)

Asynehronous learning (learning that happens on a scheduled basis where students
are provided contents and learning tasks that they need to accomplish based on their
pacing)

Modular Approach (refers toa learning delivery where learning takes place when the
teacher and the students are geographically remote from each other during instruction.
‘The learners use self-learning modules in print and digital format)

‘The Basis for Evaluation:
Tn this category, students are dassified ar those who have full access
to internet connections. They can rely on fast Wi-Fi networks to

HIGH-LEVEL access, browse, or su the web using the internet.

‘TECHNOLOGY
Tn this category, students are classified as those who have LIMITED
access to internet connections. Most of the students under this
category do not have their Wi-Fi network. Sometimes, they rely on

MIDDLE-LEvEL | ™bile data in which the speed depends on the location they are in.

‘TECHNOLOGY
Tn this category, students are dassified as those who donot have
access to the internet at all. Students at this level are advised to enroll

LOW-LEVEL upon the return of actual face to face learning as courses demand high

TECHNOLOGY jaye} and mid-level technology requirements.

US|-R GUIDELINES ON THE IMPLEMENTATION OF FLEXIBLE LEARNING

APPENDIX 2

ORGANIZATION FORMS OF ONLINE TEACHING

Tbe [Ue | Eg | Vinal | Tester autie | Foose
sieaneg |sranne | icing | wace [optic te | homey
seg | pte | mans | Stn
oon pace | bac
Stone
Powe
‘on repuies fieemeg | tes [seme | apsieatpaaans | fauens | arse
SqSat | Seerewe | stowed | omate [iat mien [ot | ce
‘slime | fein | sotmas | cope | Sareairgies | equtnd | tangs
(aay Shasecar
‘eens teeny
| sey cane
sey
oe

SE SR FeO SG BET TA OT INSTI,

a
@ US}-R GUIDELINES ON THE IMPLEMENTATION OF FLEXIBLE LEARNING

APPENDIX 3

INSTRUCTIONAL AND SOCIAL ORGANIZATIONS OF LEARNING

teehing staesy manly fete on teaersrace
fevurenent forthe lesen ov econ” The satgy
coy impart rows 9 us ep by ep

pene Sy

ragarat sd selnprovennt Studer at ened
pe asigred purer. These meee Seige the

way

leur in 3 tray mghe esigt atbowang
spat etraoges snaps

peat

Ler ae prope in ou ak. Sortie he pg
‘tenes gyator mp be ghen steer preston

Inca alters res a, ane

te rar aug peng snd ang abst 3 op oe

36
inmewom way

penta aang

fans 0 app he Iaring in new tuatons. Teaches ned

“a as toe

‘cam The sat determine hich nd au
fenton conmercaly male, adm computer

eaaring

lesnt acested to wot agent of etm an
Frese rary wae odo sams sree 3
[ge mtrf eshte een geese, ty are ced

orm of nspedent sy rey, ster she eee
pine at lar pace. Tar xml ker sages

‘A form of independent study whereby,
alter the teacher explains a task, learners
Practice it. For example after students are
shown how to use Ohm's Law, they are
asked to make calculations of current,
resistance and voltage.

SE RG RS BGS DE TTA OE TRNAS OE,

a7

@ US}-R GUIDELINES ON THE IMPLEMENTATION OF FLEXIBLE LEARNING

APPENDIX 4

CLASSIFICATION OF LEARNING METHODS FOR DIFFERENT PARTICIPANTS.

nvidewerrdemand ie sfallsipines
‘ondicpinary tools fspecte daca an ering ot

Mprertevel taming | experimental operation sie

Tata a EY Tearing orc OFeS
resources webates Mier tev iearing
Mphertevet iain | esring cenros of experience
sl medion forums cen questions, vd the scquion

Mprertevliaring | Gtemotions atte

taal pre tevliaring
Tay eermngbeedan | Wagan iearing | Tasso pis that Gare 3

projectone period tcorplete, coverings wide
‘ange of complex operations

Tamnantis —|Calabarve omarion aT io fea cneapt oF

pre tevliaring

Tana an eating Fee eon Bring Teo Dpto in aan ef ig NTO

8
@ US}-R GUIDELINES ON THE IMPLEMENTATION OF FLEXIBLE LEARNING

APPENDIX 5

STUDENT'S NETIQUETTE GUIDELINES FOR ONLINE CLASSES

A student needs to recognize that certain behaviors in a virtual classroom
are expected, especially in communicating or interacting with students and the

teacher. The following are the guidelines for online classes:

1. Attend virtual/online sessions regularly.

‘Be accountable for students’ learning, Make sure that all virtual
sessions set are available and known to all students. These meetings are
essential avenues that help students to unlock difficult concepts or topics
and to make clarifications from you regarding the given assignments tasks.
Before starting the session, log into the virtual room to have ample time to
fix technical issues.

2. Observe proper dress code.

Wear appropriate attire as if you are attending the class physically.
‘The teacher may request to share your sereen through video to engage in
the discussions.

3. Choose a good location.

Look for an area conducive to the teaching-learning process, which
also provides the best intemet connectivity. Likewise, ensure no
distractions and inappropriate background within the workspace while the
virtual session is ongoing, Make sure that no other individuals are visible on
the camera.

4, Mute your microphone.
If there is no quiet place for the virtual session, the teacher should

be informed about the situation through the chatbox. In this case, the

29
microphone should be muted the whole time except when requested to
participate.
5. Engage fully.

Focus your attention on the class and be an active learner. Engage in
the learning session fully to ensure optimum learning out of the
Virtual/online session. Avoid side conversations with other individuals
through other means of communication.

6. Stay on topics.

Raise questions and comments relevant to the topics at hand and the

learning objectives of the day.
7. Respect opinions.

Ifthere isa need to disagree during discussions/interactions, show
respect, acknowledge the argument’ valid points, and be tactful with your
comments.

8. Use small letters in posts.

Do not type your posts in ALL CAPS. You will look like you are

shouting
9. Observe proper decorum.

Whenever there is an opportunity, show courtesy and say the magic
words like “good morning,” “please,” “excuse me,” and “thank you.

Atall times, observe propriety in both conduct and appearance (eg,
no smoking, drinking alcoholic beverages)

10. Reach out to your teachers.
Do not hesitate to reach out to your teachers during their designated
consultation time. They are always ready to help, even virtually
11, Ask permission for recordings.
Unless authorized, sereenshots and recordings ofthe virtual session
are strictly prohibited, They are tagged as highly confidential. If permitted,
the recordings are only for personal consumption and can only be stored

‘within a specified duration,
12, Request to upload a discussion.

‘No one can upload class discussions on the internet unless permitted
to do so by the University’s proper authorities.

413. Use the learning platforms appropriately.

It would be best to interact with other individuals in the virtual
classroom environment provided for this purpose. Do not attempt or aid
any attempt by another person, to interact with other individuals outside
‘of the virtual earning environment.

14, Do not share personal data.

‘The sharing of personal data of anyone in the virtual class is
prohibited. ‘These data include telephone numbers, email addresses,
photos, and the like.

15. Check email and other posts.
CCheck your email and other posts regularly for updates. The teacher

may have some clar

ications concerning the discussion during the virtual
session or maybe giving further instructions for the assignment.
16. Adhere to the University Rules and Regulations.
Ima virtual class, observe proper behavior based on the guidelines
stipulated in the Student Manual

a
@ US}-R GUIDELINES ON THE IMPLEMENTATION OF FLEXIBLE LEARNING

APPENDIX 6

‘TEACHER'S NETIQUETTE GUIDELINES FOR ONLINE CLASSES

Virtual etiquette or “netiquette" is a code that concerns "good" behavior for
any communications or interactions online. Every teacher is expected to observe
proper netiquette in conducting online classes. The following guidelines must be

‘observed during the virtual/online classes:

1. Attend virtual/online sessions regularly.
Be accountable for students’ learning. Make sure that all virtual
sessions set are available and known to all students. These meetings are
essential avenues that help students to unlock dificult concepts or topics
and to make clarifications from you regarding the given assignments /tass.
Before starting the session, og in to the virtual room to have ample time to
fix technical issues.
2. Observe proper dress code.
Wear appropriate attire as if you are attending the class physically.
‘The teacher may share the screen through video to engage the students in
the discussions.
3. Choose a good location.
Look for an area conducive to the teaching-learning process, which
‘also. provides the best intemet connectivity. Likewise, ensure no
distractions and inappropriate background within the workspace while the
virtual session is ongoing. Make sure that no other individuals are visible
‘on the camera. Other members of the family /household should also be

Informed to get thelr support and cooperation.

2
4, "Mute" isa NO..NO...for teachers.

‘The teacher is expected to have the microphone switched on during
the entire duration of the virtual session. He/she is not excused for having a
location with many noise distractions. One is accountable for the optimum
learning of students in a particular virtual/online session. The location
serves as the instruction area where learning must be conducive.

5. Engage fully.

Be a facilitator. Engage in the learning session fully to ensure
students’ optimum learning out of the virtual session. Avoid side
conversations with other individuals through other means _ of
communication,

6. Stay on topics.

Raise questions and comments relevant to the topics at hand and the

learning objectives of the day.
7. Respect opinions.

Ifthere isa need to disagree during discussions/interactions, show
respect, acknowledge the argument’ valid points, and be tactful with your
comments.

8. Use small letters in posts.

Do not type your posts in ALL CAPS. You will look like you are

shouting
9. Observe proper decorum.

Whenever there is an opportunity, show courtesy and say the magic
words like “good morning,” “please,” “excuse me,” and “thank you.

Atall times, observe propriety in both conduct and appearance (eg,
no smoking, drinking alcoholic beverages)

10.Reach out to your students.
Reach out to your students. Ensure that you are willing to help even
virtually. Post your consultation time and make yourselves available

‘during these periods.

a
11, Ask permission for recordings.
Unless authorized, sereenshots and recordings ofthe virtual session
are strictly prohibited, They are tagged as highly confidential. If permitted,
the recordings are only for personal consumption and can only be stored
‘within a specified duration,
12, Request to upload a discussion.
No one can upload class discussions on the internet unless
permitted to do so by the University’s proper authorities.
413. Use the learning platforms appropriately.

It would be best to interact with other individuals in the virtual
classroom environment provided for this purpose. Do not attempt or aid
any attempt by another person, to interact with other individuals outside
‘of the virtual earning environment.

14, Do not share personal data.

‘The sharing of personal data of anyone in the virtual class is
prohibited. ‘These data include telephone numbers, email addresses,
photos, and the like.

15. Check email and other posts.
CCheck your email and other posts regularly for updates. The teacher

may have some clar

ications concerning the discussion during the virtual
session or maybe giving further instructions for the assignment.
16. Adhere to the University Rules and Regulations.
na virtual class, observe proper behavior based on the Student and

Faculty Manuals guidelines.
Bibliography

Anti-Child Pornography Act. (2008). 14" Congress: 3 Regular Session. Metro Manila
Retrieved from Official Gazette of the Republic ofthe Philippines.
‘nttps://wivw offcialgazette.gov.ph/2009/11/17/republic-actno-9775-s-2009/

Anti-Photo and Video Voyeurism Act. (2010). 14" Congress: 3 Regular Session. Metro
Manila, Retrieved from PNP Anti-Cybercrime Group.

bnttos://pnpacg.ph/main/images/downloads/LegalReferences/RAS99S pdf

[Anti-Sexual Harassment Act. (1995). 9" Congress: 3" Regular Session. Metro Manila.
Retrieved from Official Gazette of the Republic ofthe Philippines.
hnetpsi//wwwofficialgazette.gov.ph/1995/02/14/republic-act-no-7877/

Bada, S. 0. (2015). Constructivism learning theory: A paradigm for teaching and learning,
Journal of Research & Method in Education, 5(6), 65-70. hite:/fesriourals relist:
Iemepapers/Vol5%20Issue-6/Version-1/105616570,pdt

Bell, RL, Maeng, J. L, & Binns. C. (2013, January 25). Learning in context: Technology
Integration n a teacher preporation program informed by situated learning
theory. Wiley Online Library. bttps://doi.org/10.1002/tea.21075

Commission on Higher Education. (2020). Guidelines on the implementation of flexible
learning

(CMO No. 4, s. 2020). https://ched.gov.ph/wp-content/uploads/CMO-No.-4-s.2020-

Guldelines-on-the-Implementation-of-Fexible-Learning.pdf

4s
Cybercrime Prevention Act. (2012). 15" Congress: 2" Regular Session. Metro Manila
Retrieved from Official Gazette of the Republic ofthe Philippines.
|netpsi//wwwofficialgazette.gov.ph/2012/09/12/republic-act-no-10175/

Data Privacy Act. (2012) 15" Congress: 2 Regular Session, Metro Manila. Retrieved
{rom National Privacy Commission. https://www.privacy.gov.ph/data-privacy-
act/

Ford, K, & Lott, L. (n.d). The impact of technology on constructivist pedagogies.
EDTECH.
hitos://sites google, com/a/boisestate.edu/edtechtheories/the-impact-of-
technology-on-constructivist-pedagogies-1

Office ofthe President of the Philippines. (2020). Declaring a state of public health
‘emergency throughout the Philippines (Presidential Proclamation No. 922)
Official Gazette ofthe Republic of the Philippines.
http://www officialgazette.gov.ph/downloads/2020/03mar/20200308-PROC-
922-RRD.pdf

Bicalde, RR. (2020). COVID-19 and labour law: Philippines. Italian Labour Law e-
Journal, 1313)
hntps://dol.org/10.6092/issn.1561-8048/10800

Safe Spaces Act. (2018). 17" Congress: 3 Regular Session. Metro Manila. Retrieved
from Official Gazette of the Republic of the Philippines.
http://www officialgazette-gov-ph/downloads/2019/04apr/20190417-RA-

11313-RAD pdf

6
Singh, D,, Agustl, A, Anzueto, A, Barnes, P.J., Bourbeau, J, Cell,8.R, Criner, G.J.,
Frith, P., Halpin, D.M.G., Han, M.,M. Varela, M.V.L, Martinez, F, Montes de
(Oca, M., Papi, A, Pavord,|.D., Roche, N, Sin, D.D., Stockley, R, Vestbo, 1,
Vogelmeier, €(2019). Global strategy for the diagnosis, management, and
prevention of chronic obstructive lung disease: The gold science committee
report 2039. European Respiratory Journal, $3(5):1800164.
https://dol.org/10.1183/13993003,00164-2019

‘Smart Learning Institute of Beijing Normal University. (2020). Handbook on facilitating
flexible learning during educational disruption: The Chinese experience in
‘maintaining —undisrupted learning in. COVID-19 outbreak.
hnttps:/ite.unesco.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/Handbook-on-Facilitating-

Flexible-Learning-in-COVID-19-Outbreak-SLIBNU-V1.2-20200315.pdf

UNESCO. (2014). UNESCO roadmap for implementing the global action programme on
education for sustoinable development.
hitos://unesdoc.unesco.org/ark:/48223/of0000230514

University of San Jose-Recoletos. (2011 }. Faculty manual

University of San Jose Recoletos. (2012 ). Student manual.

a
WORKING COMMITTEE

CHAIRMAN Rev. Fr. Leo G. Alaras, OAR
CO-CHAIRMEN Dr. Julieta M. Catipay

Dr. Edgar R. Detoya
MEMBERS Dr. Jestoni P. Babia

Atty. Mae Elaine T. Bathan
Atty. Jonathan P. Capanas
‘Mr. Dexter Joseph B. Cuevas
Dr. Gregg Victor D. Gabison
Dr. Nelbha Y. Iglesia
Dr. Dennis A. Kilongkilong
Ms. Duint N. Lim
Dr. Glenn G. Pajares
Ms. Ligoria B. Pingul
Dr. Agnes C. Sequiiio
Dr. Audrey D. Verano
Atty, Raymiejella S, Viagedor
CONSULTANTS:
‘Academics Rev. Fr. Leo G. Alaras, OAR
Non-Academics Formation Programs:
Rev. Fr. Arian Josef M. Ocheda, OAR
Rev. Fr. Roy B, Baluarte, OAR

Recommending Approval:

nev. cbr onn

Vice-President fr Academics

Approved by

exe EEE aaomn
Pra

48
