I. It is expressly understood that there will be no employer-employee relationship, between 17-22 IT
SERVICES and the student-trainees of USJ -R;

2. Under no circumstances shall student-trainees of USJ-R, look to 17-22 IT SERVICES as employer,
partner or agent. Neither student-trainees of USJ-R, shall be entitled to any benefits accorded to
company’s employees, such as worker’s compensation, vacation leave, among others. 17-22 IT
SERVICES shall be responsible for providing, at its expense and in its name, licenses and permits usual
or necessary for conducting the training.

3. The student-trainees will be personally responsible for any and all liabilities for damage to property or
injury to third persons, which maybe occasioned by their intentional or negligent acts while in the course
of their training;

4. The student trainees and the USJ-R Program Coordinator shall abide with 17-22 IT SERVICES rules
and regulations and comply with those imposed under the program; otherwise they shall be excluded
from further participation:

5. 17-22 IT SERVICES reserves the right to discontinue the on-the-job training of any student-trainee upon
prior notice to USJ-R;

6. USJ-R may pull out any student-trainee from the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM upon prior
written notice to 17-22 IT SERVICES.

7. Before the student shall be allowed to undergo the on-the-job training under this contract, the student, of
legal age, shall execute a waiver renouncing and waiving any claim against 17-22 IT SERVICES and
USJR for any personal injury or pecuniary loss that the students may sustain or suffer in the performance
of their duties and functions while under the on-the-job training. Meanwhile, if the student is not of legal
age, the said waiver should be signed by the student and parent or guardian. The waiver of the student-
trainees shall be submitted to 17-22 IT SERVICES and USJR prior to the commencement of the training.

8. The trainee shall hold 17-22 IT SERVICES and USJ-R free and harmless from any suits whatsoever in
connection with this memorandum.

9. 17-22 IT SERVICES reserves the right to discontinue the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM
on material and reasonable ground upon a receipt of (15)-day written notice to USJ-R.

10. That both parties shall exert all efforts necessary to achieve the objectives of this joint undertaking;

11. That neither of the parties shall be liable in any way for the failure to observe or perform any provision
of this agreement if such failure shall be caused by any law, rule or regulation of any constituted public
authority or shall be due to any cause beyond the control of the party in default.

12. Should there be any disputes which remain unresolved, USJ-R and 17-22 IT SERVICES agree to seek
relief in the proper courts of Cebu City only.

D. Intellectual Property Rights ‘a

All rights in any data, information, specifications, records, reports, techniques, methodologies, and drawings
whether recorded on paper or in electronic form, and’models, all resulting from performance of a project shall be
the property of 17-22 IT SERVICES. Each trainée will assign copyright, patent rights and any other intellectual
property rights in the same to 17-22 IT SERVICES and, at the cost of 17-22 IT SERVICES, to do all acts and
sign all documents necessary to vest or more securely vest in 17-22 IT SERVICES the intellectual property
rights.

E. Duration

This agreement shall take effect immediately upon signing hereof and shall continue thereafter, provided,
however, that any provision of this agreement may be amended by after a fifteen (15)-day written notice and
