MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT

KNOW ALL BY MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

This Memorandum of Agreement is made and entered into by and between:

Taktyl Studios, Inc., a domestic corporation duly organized and existing under and by virtue of the laws
of the Republic of the Philippines, with office address at 10C Fort Palm Spring 30th st,corner Ist Ave, Taguig
1630 Metro Manila, represented herein by Shekinah Joy N. Bermejo, HR Generalist, who is duly authorized to
represent it in this transaction, hereinafter referred to as Taktyl Studios.

-and-

The UNIVERSITY OF SAN JOSE - RECOLETOS (USJ-R). an educational institution duly
organized and existing under the laws of the Philippines, with principal office address at Magallanes St., Cebu
City herein represented by REV. FR. EDUARDO S. CELIZ, JR., OAR, University President, who is duly
authorized to represent it in this transaction, hereinafter referred to as USJ-R.

WITNESSETH

WHEREAS, Taktyl Studios, under the CORPORATE INTERNSHIP PROGRAM. agrees to accept
students of USJ-R as trainees in its various facilities in‘support for the Industry Linkage Program of USJ-R:

WHEREAS, USJ-R, with the objective of forging Industry-Academe Linkage to complement existing
curricula to match industry demand, agrees to endorse their students and provide participants in the said Industry
Linkage Program and train in the Taktyl Studios.

NOW, THEREEFORE. for and in consideration of the foregoing premises, Taktyl Studios and USJ-R do hereby
agree to stipulate the following:

ra

Apres

A. Taktyl Studios Shall:
1. Screen, select and deploy to the different facilities and offices of Taktyl Studios students recommended
by USJ-R to undergo on-the-job training under the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM pursuant

to the following conditions:

a. For Information Technology and Information Systems students:
minimum of 500 training hours

b. For Computer Science students: minimum of 300 training hours.

2. Designate from among its employees an Industry Supervisor who will be assigned the following
responsibilities:

a. Serve as mentor to the student-trainees;

b. Give the student-trainees course-related work assignments and expose them to learning
experience on actual operations and management;

c. Expose the student-trainees to real situation problems and bottlenecks thus enabling them to
analyze and apply scientific as well as empirical approach to the solution of problems;

d. Arrange a conference With the Program Director when student-trainee problem arises:
3. Provide Training allowance.

4. Adhere to all regulations regarding laws, rules and regulations pertaining to internship or learners
programs, as well as health and safety laws applicable to entities similarly situated.
