University of San Jose-Recoletos

Comer P. Lopez & Magallanes Streets, Cebu City 6000, Philippines

SERVICE CONTRACT
Part-time College Faculty Member

January 1, 2023

MR. NINO ANTHONY L. SOLDEVILLA
School of Computer Studies
USJ-R, Cebu City

Dear Mr. Soldevilla

‘he University of San Jose-Recoletos is pleased to offer you an appointment as PART-TIME FACULTY
rae aeeyeona Semester of SY 2022-2023 effective January 2023. For services salisfaciorly rendered in
this position, the university agrees to give due compensation subject tothe following conditions:

1. parttime sppoiniments ere made on a semestal, condlonal basis and are contingent unen very sebesencay
aeaeace waved on the slandards set by the university, budget and cass development wihin te ‘college oF
opartment.

2. You agree to abide with al he pois, rules and regulations of the University of San Jose-Revolets,

3 You age to comply wih all admiitaive rqutenents such a clas attendance, puncualiy, deadines for submission

of grades and other requirements.

4. Youpossess personality and character which reflect the University’s mission statement

You commit io perform your duties tothe bos of your Knowledge and ably in accordance wih the standards set By Ine
school

6, Your rate of pay shall be at Php 202.00 per uni-loag-hour up to 12 pay-unitdoads

7, As a parime faculty be mindful of the articles on Code of Ethics ad Sanctions ofthe Faculty Manual to guide youn You
‘eating with your co-workers and the est of tis institution's members. In addition,

Conduct prohibitod by Catholic morals such as, but not limited to, extramarital soxual affairs, sexual
corns between unmarried persons, disgraceful and shameless public display of intimacy,
Panos ual acts, etc, will constitute ground for the termination of an employee's services and his/her
sevorance from the service.

8. Yout teaching load shall be speciicaly indicated in the formal assignment of the College as recommended pursuant lo
Te eeitennts and estabished policies of the universiy. Aside from teacting, you shal participate in academic
etwiies of the school which are enumerated inthe Faculty Manual

9. Youre to teach the entice semester and shall therefore not leave the College any time before the semester ends in May
2025  ctherwise, no employment certification and clearance wil be issued upon your ext

40. This contract shall remain in force for the entre semester ftom January 2023 to May 2023 and automatically expres at
the end of the semester without need of notice

11. Im the event that you fall to abide by the terms of this contract and should you pre-terminate the same or resign from
ri pros to the end ofthe contract. the university shall not seue a certificate of employment in your favor and you shall
Sersfabte to: pay the university the amount of Php. 50,000.00, as Indemnity for the losses, iquidated damages: and
oe are ot te traning costs and expenses incurred by the university. Reimbursement should be made within fve
(By dave rom tendering of resigation or falure to report for work, This shall be without prejudice to any legal action that
the schoo! may take to protect is ights

12. This coniract may be motified, revised or supplemented to rellect elective changes in employment, 1.6. rectassifiation,
promotions, pay adjustment, tc

13. Upon ating your signature herein you manifest that you have read, understood and shall faithtuly comply with the
oo ee powrbinbes as & parvtme facully member. The universty may impose additional assignments and tasks
‘as may be necessary

Should you accept the appointment as PART-TIME FACULTY MEMBER under the terms and conditions
Specified above, please sign on the acceptance line below.

Note: Date of Etfectiviy is March 3, 2023

Truly yours,

Abu
REV. FR. EDUARDO S. CELIZ, JR., OAR
University President

ACCEPTANCE
1am pleased to accept the appointment as described above.

IGNAt DATE

Telephone Number (032) 253-7900, Fax (032) 254-1720; Website: http:vwww.usiredu.ph
