University of San Jose-Recoletos

Comer P Lopes & Magallanes Streets, Cebu City 6000, Philippines

SERVICE CONTRACT
Part-time College Faculty Member

‘August 1.2023

MR. GREGG VICTOR D. GABISON
School of Computer Studies

USIR Cebu Cty

(Dear Mr. Gabison

vray of San ose Recoletos i pleated oe you an appiment as PART-TIME FACULTY forthe Fist
Toe Uneenty a Sn ee stecove August 202. Fr services satoloy rendered in Be poston, he wrery

Serres te gve due compensation subject othe folowing conditions

| paame appiniments ae made on  semestal conditonal basa and are contingent upon very sailactory perfomance based

Cetnetietdon ret by he unversty, budget and class evelopment within the colege or department

‘You agree t abe by athe poles es, and regulations ofthe Univers of San Jose Recoletos

You agree to comply wth a acne requrements suchas cass atendance, puncualty, deadines for aubmasion of
(yeses ass reco, and cher requrements

“4 Youpossest a personaity and character whieh reflect the Unveraty/s masion statement

5 You comme to performing yout duties to the best of your nowledge and abit in accordance wih the standards set By the

6 You sone atic aren o data privacy rguatons and mata te conidertalty of sansive formation by safeguarding
‘he Usversy «da and wong dota phacy standart protect he conderaaity and reg of Bt personal formation
2 perncra tena etomation
7 You tactae and asst n the mplenertation mentor, and doauentatn ead to he Univesity s Quaty Management
System (OUS] te ennure contoun provement and io prameieexcaence Moca are academies
Youre of py shal be at Pha 49.9 per uitcus nour upto 12 paruntsonds
Asa panime tacty. be ming ae ais on the Cade of Ethics an Sanctions ofthe Faculty Manual fo gue you 9
{You Gealnge wn you cowonars andthe vst lhe attutor's members In Beton,
CCondvet prohibited by Catholic morals sch ax ut mot ited 1, extramarital seul afar, sexual relations
tenween unmarried persons. aigraceul and shameless public spiy of macy, homosexual act, ec wll
‘onsbtute «ground forte leminaton ofan employee's services and hisher severance rom the service
10. You teachng load shat be solialy inated ine foal antgrment of a Colage a8 recommended purwart fo be
Iequremeris and estabished poles ote snversty Alte Horm teach, you tal patespale i academe aves ot De
{heal whe are enumerate nthe Focuty Manca!
11 Yous teach Be entre semester ard shal heeore ot eave tne College ary tne bere he semester ends December
2023 cherw, ro wnpwyrent craton and cearane wa be unwed upon Your ent
12. Tha contact shat man ft fo the ete saree om Aupuat 2023 to Dwcember 2023 ad avtomatcay exes at
and ofthe semester thou need af wren nace
ate by he vrs oth contact an shou! you pre temiata he same reign tam yout postion
pronto fa cat er be fab

traneg costs and expenses cured by the universty Remburserert shuld be mace wih five (5) Gays trom tencerg of
resgraton c fale Io report for work. Ths SMa be wthout pesudioe (0 ay legal action thatthe schoo! may take to protect
ome

14 The contract may be modiled. revsed, of supplemented to rect electve changes in employment, ie. redasifcaion,
Promotions pay aajustment, et

15 Upon ating your signature herein you mandes! that you have read, understood, ae shal fly comely with he dies and
responsbices an a parttime faculty memoer. The uriersty may impose adonal axsgnments and Taths a8 may be.
necessary

‘Should you accept the appointment as a PART-TIME FACULTY MEMBER under the teens and conditions specited

above, please sign on the acceptance line below.

Truly yours,

Aue

REV, FR. EDUARDO S. CELIZ, JR., OAR
‘University President ia

ACCEPTANCE
‘1am pleased to accept the appointment as described herein.

Sey) ee 9-26-24
TORE ae

“Telephone Number (032) 253-7000, Fax (032) 254.1720, Website: hiipulwew.usjieduph

@ canscanner

