AveUEL SY UL UU Ue: WLCUILLOG

Comer Lopez & Magallanes Str

8, Cebu City 6000, Philippines
SERVICE CONTRACT
Fulltime College Faculty Member

(Probationary Status)

‘August 1, 2023
MR. ROMEL S. MEJOS
‘Schoo! of Computer Studi
IIR Cobu City

Dear Mr, Mejos

The University of San Jose-Recoleto® is pleased fo inform you of your appointment as PROBATIONARY FULL-
TIME FACULTY forthe Firat Semester of SY 2023-2024 elleclive August 2023, For services satsactonly rendered
inthis postion, the unversty agrees 1 give due compensation subject lo the folowing condéions

‘rotations falime apponiments are made on a semestal candtona basis an ae contingent upon very sattactory performance
‘ated one stansand betty the bers, bene and cass development wit Us eloge ¢ Gepariment

‘ou agi to ate wa athe poioes, res an regulations of Unwerty of San Jose Recolaios

Yeu aye to comes) wth 28 adnate requrements such
records and ete regurements

Coss atensance, punctaity deadines lor submtsion of graces, cans

‘You possess personaly ant characte whch reflect the Unversty's miso sateen

Yeu cont to peter you des fo the best of your knowledge ae absty im accordance wth te standards se by tho chook

Nou entre sot asnevence to Gata pvacy repuabons and martan the conidentaty of sensive information by safeguarding te
\urvertys data an poking dala pewacy standards o protect he confieshatty ad nlegty of bom personal elormaion and personal

‘ou lchtate and asst he enghemeiation, montorng, and documertabon rela othe Univerty's Quay Managemen System
(ONS) o ernure continous morovement adi prema excetenca processes and academe wees.

‘Your bane morsvy salary shalt Twenty Three Thousand Pesos (Php 29,009.90] based on the 24 uns tad

[AS 2 haste tcuty meme, you are requ to devole 40 hours week i academic pursuits at the universy which inchs asching,

Imearch shusery consutabon and academe advamg, personal academic development and professional grown and parsopaton

‘went and conmunty servers

10 As. futtene facuty be moth of te artes en Code of Ethie ard Sanctions of he Faculty Manual to guide you your desing.
WE your comaners and ne rest othe mations members Ih sdBton

Conduct prohibited by Catholic morals such a, but not nited to, extramarital sexual afer, sexual relations between
gamacried persons, sgracetul and shameless public display of ntmacy, homosexual act, et. wil constitute ground
‘Tort termination of an employee's services and hivher severance frm the service

11. You undertate wo complete you master's degree wat fve (5) cansecutv semester fom dat of employment # you ater yet 2

masters degree hier, Non-comotance als reaucement would mean vata cesar

‘us cae fox ermston of you eemlovmat lr ae 19 copii Pe saear tbe Ye 3

‘You teaching load sha be special ndcated in te formal assignment of he Calege 38 recommended pursuant tothe requremerts

{26 estabiahed polces of the untrersty Arise kom teaching, you must partpale i seademsc scien of he aca! whl Bre
‘crueraeg ne Fecuty Manual

2

13. You are to teach te entre semester and snl therfore not eave the Coleg any tee below the semester ends in December 2023
vermis, no empioyment carieon and Gea'snce willbe sued upon your ta

‘Ths contra shal remain in force for he entire semesie om August 2023 to December 223 and automaticaly expres a the en of
(he semester wonout need ol wetlen nice.

15. ne ever mut you fa to abice by te ems of is cartact and show you po eminate Ue same or esgn tom your postion prior

{oe end ol he carat Pw urwverty shal rotssue a cricale of employment in Your ave and you shal be table opay fa oreny

‘Be amour of Pro 109,000 00 a indemy forte louse, quale damages and remnburemer tthe Wang Cans expenses

inoured by be uwersty, Reembursemert shoud be made wisn fve (5) cays Bom lendecng ol teignaon arthur te repr fa work

The sha be wthout proce Io any legal acon ta schol may ake to protect igs.

16, “Tas contac may be mossed, revised or supphamenied io refect efacve changes in employment. |. redassitcaSon premetions, pay
scpesment

17. Upon afaing your signature herein you munfest tat you have read, undelood and shat latnhty comply wih the duties cd
responses as a prebatonary Riblme faciy member. The ubveruty may kmpose eddeenal assignments ‘end tai #3 may be
ecotsary

‘Should you accept the appointment as PROBATIONARY FULL-TIME FACULTY MEMBER under the terms and
‘conditions specified above, please sign on the accepiance kne below.

Try yours,
‘Note: Hed Fue etective January 2023, Ayu
Gnd em of probabon
Tha shane REV. FR. EDUARDO 8, CELIZ, JR., OAR
Univeaty President
ACCEPTANCE

| am pleased to accept the appointment as described herein.

