University of San Jose-Recoletos

Corner P. Lopez & Magallanes Streets, Cebu City 6000, Philippines

SERVICE CONTRACT
Part-time College Faculty Member

January 1, 2023

MR. NINO ANTHONY L. SOLDEVILLA
School of Computer Studies
USJ-R, Cebu City

Dear Mr. Soldevilla

‘The University of San Jose-Recoletos is pleased to offer you an appointment as PART-TIME FACULTY
forthe Second Semester of SY 2022-2023 effective January 2023. For services satisfactorily rendered in
this position, the university agrees (0 give due compensation subject to the following condivons

1. Prime sppoiniments are made on a semestal, condional basis and ere contngent upon very eakalaciony
cence boxed on the standards sot by the university, budget and class. developmont witin the cotege of
department

2. You agree to abide with al tne polos, utes and regulations ofthe University of San Jose-Recolios

2. You agree to comply wih all administaliverequrements such as class atondance, punctualy, deadines ler evimission
of grades and other requirements

4 You possess personality and character which reflect the University’s mission stalemont

5. You commit o perform your dues 10 the best of your knowledge and ably in accordance wih ho standards set Py she
school

6. Yourrate of pay shall be at Php 202.00 per unitload-hour up to 12 pay-unit-londs

7, Asa parime facelty be mindful ofthe aces on Code of Fthcs and Sanctlons of the Faculty Manual gun you in You!

<dattes with your co vorkers and the rest of this insiuion's member. In alton,

Conduct prohibited by Catholic morals such as, but not limited to, extramarital sexual affairs, soxuol
Snuens "between unmarried persons, disgraceful and shameless public display of intimacy,
Nomocexuel acts, ete, wil constitute ground for the termination of an employee's services and his/her
severance from the service.

8 Your teaching load shall be specificaly indicated in the formal assignment of the Collage as recommeniad pursuant
Rr eiimoante and eslabished policies of the university. Aside from teaching, you shall partkcipate in ocademic
otis of the school which are enumorated in the Facuty Manual.

9. You are to teach the or tor and shal therefore not leave the Collage any time before the semester ends in May
2023, otherwise, no employment certiicatio and clearance wil be issued upon your ext

40. This contract shall remain In force for the enti semester from January 2023 to May 2023 and automaticaly expires at
the end ofthe semester wihout need of notice

41. in the event that you fall to abide by the terms of this contract and should you pre-terminata the same or resign from
ee pate to the end of the contrac, the university shall nat issu a certificate of amploymant in your favor and you shall
ee table to pay the university the amount of Php. 50,000.00, as indemnity for the losses. liquidated damages and
Pe nlarsement or the lraning costs and expenses incurred by the university, Reimbursement should be mada within five
(Grave trom tendering of tesignation of fallure To report for work, This shal be without prejudice to any legal action that
the school may take to protect is rights

‘This contract may be modified, revis
promotions, pay adjustment, ete

cor supplemented to reflect etlective changes in employment, 0. reclassification,

Upon affixing your signature herein you manifest thet you have read, understood and shal faithfully comply with the
Ie eye eoibites as a partime faculty member. The university may impose additonal assignments and asks
as may be necessary

‘Should you accept the appointment as PART-TIME FACULTY MEMBER under the terms and conditions
specified above, please sign on the acceptance line below,

Note: Date of Effectviy is March 3, 2023,
Truly yours,

Aue

REV. FR. EDUARDO §, CELIZ, JR., OAR
University President

ACCEPTANCE
| am pleased to accept the appointment as described above.

(GNATURE DATE

Telephone Nomber (032) 253-7900, Fax (032) 254-1720; Website: hitpy/wvw.usir-edu ph

