5. Accomplish the necessary forms required by USJ-R in connection withthe intership ofthe student-
trainees,

6. Issue certificate of completion to studentarainees who successflly finish their training. under the
rogram;

7. Adopt and enforce rules that will gover the conduct of the program. Sai rules shall be made known to
‘USHER and the tudentranees before the start ofthe training,
1B USIR shal:

1, Designate a Program Coordinator who will coordinate with DNI regarding the various
ctivties/requirements under this program;

2 Preselect and recommend student who will undergo on-the-job training under the CORPORATE
INTERSHIP PROGRAM. it being understood that only students taking courses wherein on-the-job
‘raining isan academic requirement foe graduation willbe recommended

Send the following student for on-the-job training from:

San Date Dacia
2019 0 2020
Tams Name ConRaTer DawTime
1. Tulabing, Christe. BsiT-4 | MTWTHF - 8:00am — 12:00pm
‘and
MIWTHE- 1:00pm 5:00pm

3. Submit to DNI, the resume and al other documents required under this program, which shall serve a the
basis of DNI to screen, select and deploy specific students for Internship;

44 Orient students about rales, proper attitudes, behavior and work ethics inside the intemship site;

5. Monitor attendance, activites and performance of students during the internship program in DNI;
(6. Monitor compatibility of job circumstances with the internship course requirements forthe student's

‘attainment of advanced standing in the program through regula interaction withthe student-traines and
‘regular visit the internship site,

Se Und nap tov aio ius sna
Tg ith pine UR neni ns Band US om
ya tte i a td SAU homo cn oe
see ASU
9. Agree to the obligations of confdenifalty set out in detail as follows:

44 Alltechnical or commercial information, eg, concerning the business of DNI disclosed oro be
disclosed to USI-R by or in bebalf of DNI in connection with ths agreement will be received

‘and held i confidence by USU-R andthe student concerned unless and until DNI gives writen
approval for release of confidentiality,

, USI-R will takeall reasonable necessary steps to prevent disclosure ofthe technical or commercial

information and other matters and drawings or ther materials, to others and will nt disclose the

same to others without prioe writen consent from DNL

©. DNF and USI-R further agree that:
2 Under no circumstances shall student-raines of USJ-R, look fo DNI as employer, partner of agent.
Neither staden-trainees of USJ-R, shall be entitled to any benefits accorded to company’s employees,
such as workers compensation, vacation leave, among others. DNI shal be responsible fox providing, at
its expense andi its name, licenses and permis sual or necessary for conducting the tains.

3. The studet-trainees willbe personally responsible for any and all isbilities for damage to property of
injury to third persons, which maybe occasioned by ther itentional or negligent acts while inthe course
oftheir raining,

4. The student trainees and the USI-R Program Coordinator shall abide with DNL rues and regulations and
comply with those imposed under the program: therwise they shall be excluded from further
Participation:

5. NI reserves the right to discontine the on-se-jo traning of any student-rainee upon prior notice to
USIR:

(6. USI-R may pull out any tudent-raince from the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM upon prior
writen notice to DNL

7. Before the student stall be allowed to undergo the on-the-job taining under this contract, the student, of
legal age, shall execute @ waiver renouncing and waiving any claim against DNI and USIR for any
etsonal injury or pecuniary loss thatthe students may sustain or suffrin the performance oftheir duties
tnd functions while unde the on-hejob raining. Meanvsil, ifthe students not of legal age the said
waiver should be signed by the student and parent or guardian. The waiver of the studen-traiees shall
be submitted to DNI and USIR prior to the commencement ofthe traning

8. The trainee shall hold DNI and USU-R fee and harmless from any'suits whatsoever in connection with
this memorandum,

9. DNL reserves the right fo discontinae the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM on material and
reasonable ground upon a receipt of (15)-day writen notice to USJ-R.

10, That both partes shall exert ll efforts necessary to achieve the objectives ofthis joint undertaking:

11 That neither ofthe parts shall be liable in any way forthe fiture to observe or pefoem any provision
of this agreement if such failure shall be caused by any law, rule or regulation of any constituted public
authority or shall be due to any cause beyond the contol ofthe partyin default

12, Should there be any disputes which remain unresolved, USI-R and DNI agre to seek elit in the proper
cours of Cebu City only.

SSD teas ren nee

Allright in any data information, specifications records, reports, techniques, methodologies, and drawings
Whether recorded on paper or in electronic form, and model, al resulng from peformance of project shall be
the property of DNL. Each trainee will assign copyright, patent rights and any other intellectual property rights
inthe same to DNI and tthe cost of DNI, odo al acts and sign ll documents necessary to vest or more securely
‘est DNI the intellectual property sights. =

E. Duration =

sages i oti te ping hee endl a or,
sont Sa ty provo ts apecen fat he eae ee
Coma by ah ri hen ed vind Stet de BG Sa wren te ad
partipa i apoznc open iy 00) ernie cedioe fe ae ila

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the partcs hereof have signed this Agreement on this day of
in 9 City.

an
(seer)

ATTY. MARY ANN W. SUSON REY. FR. CRISTOPHER ©, MASPARA, OAR
Human Resource Manager President

SIGNED IN THE PRESENCE oF:

aS
MARIA REGLENA b. DaGaTAN pw. effec Nicronn.camson
Dremeap Nee n Compa Coan ey
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

REPUBLIC OF THE PIPES jn
ars)
BEFORE ME peony spewed he atoning pres
ane Commaiy Tex Cette & Paced
wo

——__

owned ma Peon no cal seth tag inva wu oa
tome that th same are their fe and voluntary acts anc

10 JAN 2020

'NTINESS MY HAND AND'SEAL atthe place and theft above writen

3 Notary Pai
at IN) ATTY.CHITO S. EON
Page Na eaieree nuate
Book Na ‘si bec. 9.202
fens, Preto tess" nec. 208GG,

ms MCLE NO.0923007-12-10-19

ROLL. 46353.80N0 016

Sica
MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT

KNOW ALL BY MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

‘This Memorandum of Agreement is made and entered into by and between:

DREAMSCAPE NETWORKS INC; domestic corporation duly organized and existing under and by
virtue of the laws ofthe Republic ofthe Philipines, with office address a 11® Floor Phila Life Center Cebu,
Cardinal Rosales Avenue Cebu Business Park Cebu City 6000, represented herein by ATTY. MARY ANN W.
'SUSON, Human Resource Manager, who is duly authorized o represent it in this transaction, hereinafter refered
toasDNI.

‘The UNIVERSITY OF SAN JOSE — RECOLETOS (USJ-R), an educational institution duly
‘organized and existing under the laws of the Philippines, with principal office address at Magallanes St, Cebu
City herein represented by REV. FR. CRISTOPHER C. MASPARA, OAR, University President, who is duly
authorized to represent iin this transaction, hereinafter referred to as USI-R.

WITNESSETH

WHEREAS, DNI, under the CORPORATE INTERNSHIP PROGRAM, gees to accept students of,
USER as trainees in its various facilites in suppor for the Industry Linkage Program of USI-R;

WHEREAS, USJ-R, withthe objective of forging Industy-Academe Linkage to complement existing
curricula to match industry demand, agres to endorse heir stodents and provide participants in the said Industry
Linkage Program and tran in the DNI.

NOW, THEREEFORE, for and in consideration ofthe foregoing premises, DNI and USI-R do hereby agree to
stipulate the following

A. DNIShall

1. Screen, select and deploy tothe different facilites and offices of DNI students recommended by USI-R
to undergo on-the-job taining under the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM pursuant t0 the
following conditions:

For Information Technology and Information Systems students:
‘minimum of $00 training hous.

b. For Computer Science stodents: minimum of 300 taining hours.

2. Designate from among its employees an Industry Supervisor who will be assigned the fllowing
responsibilities:

Serves mentor tothe student-rainees;

b. Give the studentrainees course-rlated work assignments and expose them to leaming
experience on actual operations and management

Expose the student-rainees to real situation problems and bottlenecks thus enabling them t0
analyze and aply scientific as wel s empirical approach tothe solution of problems;

4. Arrange a conference wi

the Program Director when student-trainee problem arses;

:
E
