Pe |

The student trainees and the USJ-R Program Coordinator shall abide with ETCHWORKS rules and

regulations and comply with those Imposed under the program; otherwise they shall be excluded from
further participation:

4. ETCHWORKS reserves the ri ght to discontinue the on-the-job training of any student-trainee upon prior
notice to USJ-R:

5. USJ-R may pull out any student-trainee from the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM upon prior
written notice to ETCHWORKS.

6. Together with families concerned, USJ-R and the individual faculty renounce and waive any claim
against ETCHWORKS for any injury that the trainees may sustain or loss that they might suffer,
personal or pecuniary, arising from the negligence in the performance of their duties and functions while
under training. The waivers of the trainees and their respective families shall indemnify ETCHWORKS
for payment, fines and damages incurred by the faculty-trainees and that ETCHWORKS shall be free
and blameless from any accident, negligence, loss or damage to ETCHWORKS, which is attributable
to the trainees. The waiver shall be submitted to ETCHWORKS prior to commencement of the training.
Hold both USJ-R and ETCHWORKS free from any obligation resulting to the instances mentioned.

7. The trainee shall hold ETCHWORKS and USJ-R free and harmless from any suits whatsoever in
connection with this memorandum.

7. ETCHWORKS reserves the right to discontinue the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM on
reasonable grounds upon a receipt of (1 5)-day written notice to USJ-R.

8. That both parties shall exert all efforts necessary to achieve the objectives of this joint undertaking;

9. That neither of the parties shall be liable in any way for the failure to observe or perform any provision x
of this Agreement if such failure shall be caused by any law, rule or regulation of any constituted public
authority or shall be due to any cause beyond the control of the party in default. RN

D. Intellectual Property Rights

All rights in any data, information, specifications, records, reports, techniques, methodologies, and drawings
whether recorded on paper or in electronic form, and models, all resulting from performance of a project shall be
the property of ETCHWORKS. Each trainee will assign copyright, patent rights and any other intellectual
property rights in the same to ETCHWORKS and, at the cost of ETCHWORKS, to do all acts and sign all
documents necessary to vest or more securely vest in ETCHWORKS the intellectual! property rights.

E. Duration

This agreement shall take effect immediately upon signing hereof and shall continue thereafter, provide
however, that any provision of this agreement may be amended by after a fifteen (15)-day written notice and
consent by both parties, herein and provided further that ETCHWORKS or USJ-R reserves the ri ght to withdraw
its participation in the Agreement upon thirty (30)-day written notice.
