Control # YDJ 006

CAMPUS MINISTRY OFFICE

January 27, 2020

DR. GREGG VICTOR D. GABISON
Dean, College of ICCT

Dear Dr. Gabison:
Peace!

The Campus Ministry Office of the University of San Jose — Recoletos anchors the
celebration of the Vocation Week and Youth Days for Josenians (YDJ) on February 17 —
22, 2020 and the YDJ Overnight Vigil on February 21 — 22, 2020. It is an annual activity
in USJ — R which started in 1995 after the 10 World Youth Day in Manila. We expect to
gather more than 2,000 Josenian students during the overnight vigil. We creatively lined up
meaningful activities such as talk, animation, group sharing, testimonies, exposition of the Blessed
Sacrament, Praise and Worship, Confessions, variety show and a Holy Mass during the vigil. This
overnight activity gives our Josenian youth the avenue to encounter Jesus and
experience His comforting and living presence through this faith — enriching activities. As
experienced, this is one of the most awaited events that our students and even alumni are looking
forward every year. This only shows how the Youth Days for Josenians had made an impact in the
lives of our students. This year’s theme is “I am a Josenian. I testify to Love.” is inspired by this
year’s theme in the Order of the Augustinian Recollect — Prophets of the Kingdom and the Catholic
Church in the Philippines’ theme for the Year of Ecumenism, Interreligious Dialogue and Indigenous
Peoples — Dialogue towards Harmony.

In this regard, we appeal to your kind and generous hearts to apportion us your financial
blessings to defray some of the cost of our total expenses during the Vigil. We would
appreciate any monetary assistance or support in kind.

May God's manifold blessing be your portion as you partner with us in the endeavor of forming our
youth to be more empowered Christians in testifying to the love of Jesus Christ. For our part, be
assured of our prayers and gratitude for your kindness and generosity. Thank you so much and God
bless us all.

In the Spirit of Caritas et Scientia,
fad
A

-WINIRY 7
am gv “UK, :
REV. FR ARIANGBEF M. OCHEDA, OAR WW e5
Campus Ministry B

tor $ ie
Vice President fo igious Affairs

~&
