Parties agree to comply and abide by the Republic Act No. 10173 otherwise known
as the Data Privacy Act. Parties shall be responsible for the consent and waiver of any
personal and sensitive personal information, its use, storage and deletion. Parties shall
hold each other free from any liability in case of breach of the Data Privacy Act.

This Non-Disclosure Agreement shall survive the termination of the Partner
University’s engagement with the Company and after the Partner University’s separation
therefrom for any cause whatsoever.

7. BREACH OF CONTRACT

Any violation of the above undertakings shall constitute a breach of contract and
entitle the Company to recover from the Partner University any actual and compensatory
damages, in addition to any other rights or remedies available to the COMPANY, under
the law or this contract.

8. DATA PRIVACY

Collection and processing of personal information pursuant to, in the course of
or in connection with this Agreement shall be in accordance with the Data Privacy Act
of 2012 (Republic Act No. 10172) and its implementing rules and regulations.

The Parties shall adopt the general data privacy and data sharing principles
declared in the Data Privacy Act of 2012 and its Implementing Rules and Regulations,
and adhere to the principles of transparency, legitimate purpose, and proportionality in
the processing of personal data under this Agreement.

9. DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND VENUE 2a

4

In case of dispute, the parties will try to settle it amicably before resorting to other
legal remedies. Exclusive jurisdiction and venue of suits arising from this agreement
shall be with the courts of the City of Cebu to the exclusion of other courts or tribunals.

10. AMENDATORY CLAUSE
This Agreement may be amended with the mutual written consent of both parties.
11. EFFECTIVITY CLAUSE

This Agreement shall take effect upon signing by the parties to this Agreement
and shall remain in force unless any of the parties withdraws or pre-terminates this
Agreement through written notice 30 days prior to the intended date of termination.

This Agreement supersedes the previously executed Internship Agreement
between the Company and the Partner University if any.

And
