university of San Jose-Recoletos

Comer P Lope? & Magallanes Streets, Cebu City 6000, Philippines

SERVICE CONTRACT
Part-time College Faculty Mombor

‘August 1, 2023

MR, JEOFFREY C, GUDIO
School of Computer Studies
USIR, Cebu City

Dear Mr. Gudio:

“The University of San Jose-Recoletos is pleased to offer you an appointment as PART-TIME FACULTY forthe Firat
‘Semester of SY 2023-2024 effective August 2023. For services salisfactorty rendered inthis positon, the university
‘agrees Lo give due compensation subject to the folowing conditions:

1 Parvtene appointments are made on a semestal,condtional basis and av cortingert upon very satactory performance based
fn te Bongords set by the unwersty, budget. and class development wihin te colege or department

2 You sgre toate by lhe poles, rules, and regulators ofthe Universy of San Jose-Racoletos

3. You eoree to comply wih all adminiatate requirements such as cass attendance, punctualty, deadines for submssion of
grader asa records, and other requcements

4 You possess a personaly and character which refect the Universi mission slatement

5. You comme to perfonning your duties tothe best of your knowledge and ability in accordance wh the standards set by the
schoo!

16 You enaure sinc adherence to data privacy regulations are maintain te confideriiaty of sensitive information by safeguarding
the University s data and upholding data pevacy standards fo protect the conideriaity and tegty of both personal information
2nd personal nenstve formation

7. You acitate and assist nthe imlemertaton. montorng, and dacumentaton related tothe Universty s Quaity Management
‘System (OMS) to ensure continuous mprovernent and lo promcte excelence n processes and academic seraces

‘You rate of pay shat beat Pho 288.67 per unaticas-hout upto 12 pay-unc loads

‘As a par.te tacuty, be mtu of he atl on the Code of Ethics and Sanctions ofthe Faculty Manual to guide you in
{you Seaiega win your co-workers and the rest ofthis nation's members. In addton,
‘Conduct prohibited by Catholle morals auch 48, But not limited to, extramarital sexual affairs, sexual relations
‘between unmarried persons, disgraceful and shameless public display of intimacy, homosexual acts, etc. will
‘constitute a ground for the termination of an employee's services and hisMer severance trom the service,

10. Your teaching toad shall be specfeally indicated i the formal assignment ofthe College as recommended pursuant to the
all partcpate academic acuies ofthe

requrements and estabiahed poices of the unversty, Ase fan teaching, ou
‘Seho0twnich are enumerated nthe Faculty Marca!

11. You are toteach the entice semester and sh

12. This contac shat remain in force fr the erie semester Hom August 2023 to December 2023 and aviomaticaly exes af
the end ofthe semesier wanout need of wien notice

13. nthe event that you fallto abide byte terms o this contract and should you pre-teminale the same or resign rom your postion
‘rot he end of the contract. the univeaty shal nt ave a certcate of employment in your favor and you shal be bable 10
‘ay the unversty the amount of Php, 100,000 00, as indemnity forthe los, hgudales damages, and rembursement forthe
{Warag costs and expenses eure bythe unversty Remroutsarert shoud Be mace within ve (5) days trem lendenng of
‘eemgratio of fare 10 repo for work. Th shal be wthout prude 10 any tgal action thatthe school may ake to protect
his,

14. Ts contract may be mote, revised. or supplemented to tact eflectve changes In employment, Le. reclasifeation
rometons, pay adjustment tc

15 Upon ateng your sgn Nen you maest na you have and, uoeood nd aha Ny comely wan te utes
tesgonsesnen as 2 panera Tacay menbe! The unvrty my ripe a3000NM eNvGrmens end Wake a8 mye
teconry

Shou you accept the apponment as @ PART-TIME FAGULTY MEMBER under the lems and conditons specied

Bbove, please sign onthe acceptance ine below

Truly yours,
REV. FR, EDUARDO 8. CELIZ, JR, OAR
University President

ACCEPTANCE
| am pleased to accept the appointment as described herein,

22, Pej

FIT RE TAT Baw (OTN PHAATTEO: Weal hit www Halt A Hh

