C. CERENIMBUS and USJ-R further agree that:

1. It is expressly understood that there will be no employer-employee relationship between
CERENIMBUS and the student-trainees of USJ-R;

2. Under no circumstances shall student-trainees of USJ-R, look to CERENIMBUS as employer, partner
or agent. Neither student-trainees of USJ-R, shall be entitled to any benefits accorded to company’s
employees, such as worker’s compensation, vacation leave, among others. CERENIMBUS shall be
responsible for providing, at its expense and in its name, licenses and permits usual or necessary for
conducting the training.

3. The student-trainees will be personally responsible for any and all liabilities for damage to property or
injury to third persons, which maybe occasioned by their intentional or negligent acts while in the
course of their training;

4. The student trainees and the USJ-R Program Coordinator shall abide with CERENIMBUS rules and
regulations and comply with those imposed under the program, otherwise they shall be excluded from
further participation:

5. CERENIMBUS reserves the right to discontinue the on-the-job training of any student-trainee upon
prior notice to USJ-R;

6. USJ-R may pull out any student-trainee from the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM upon
prior written notice to CERENIMBUS.

7. Before the student shall be allowed to undergo the on-the-job training under this contract, the student,
of legal age, shall execute a waiver renouncing and waiving any claim against CERENIMBUS and
USJR for any personal injury or pecuniary loss that the students may sustain or suffer in the
performance of their duties and functions while under the on-the-job training. Meanwhile, if the
student is not of legal age, the said waiver should be signed by the student and parent or guardian. The
waiver of the student-trainees shall be submitted to CERENIMBUS and USJR prior to the
commencement of the training.

N)

8 The trainee shall hold CERENIMBUS and USJ-R free and harmless from any suits whatsoever in
connection with this memorandum.

9 CERENIMBUS reserves the right to discontinue the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM on
material and reasonable ground upon a receipt of (15)-day written notice to USJ-R.

10. That both parties shall exert all efforts necessary to achieve the objectives of this joint undertaking;

11. That neither of the parties shall be liablesin any way for the failure to observe or perform any provision
of this agreement if such failure shall be caused by any law, rule or regulation of any constituted public
authority or shall be due to any cause beyond.the control of the party in default.

12. Should there be any disputes which remain unresolyed, USJ-R and CERENIMBUS agree to seek relief
in the proper courts of Cebu City only. gee .

D. Intellectual Property Rights

All rights in any data, information, specifications, records, reports, techniques, methodologies, and drawings
whether recorded on paper or in electronic form, and models, all resulting from performance of a project shall
be the property of CERENIMBUS. Each trainee will assign copyright, patent rights and any other intellectual
property rights in the same to CERENIMBUS and, at the cost of CERENIMBUS, to do all acts and sign all
documents necessary to vest or more securely vest in CERENIMBUS the intellectual property rights.


C. PAYRULER and USJ-R further agree that:

bs

10.

11.

L2.

D. Intellectual Property Rights |

It is expressly understood that there will be no employer-employee relationship between PAYRULER
and the student-trainees of USJ-R;

Under no circumstances shall student-trainees of USJ-R, look to PAYRULER as employer, partner or
agent. Neither student-trainees of USJ-R, shall be entitled to any benefits accorded to company’s
employees, such as worker’s compensation, vacation leave, among others. PAYRULER shall be
responsible for providing, at its expense and in its name, licenses and permits usual or necessary for
conducting the training.

The student-trainees will be personally responsible for any and all liabilities for damage to property or
injury to third persons, which maybe occasioned by their intentional or negligent acts while in the course
of their training;

The student trainees and the USJ-R Program Coordinator shall abide with PAYRULER rules and
regulations and comply with those imposed under the program; otherwise they shall be excluded from
further participation:

PAYRULER reserves the right to discontinue the on-the-job training of any student-trainee upon prior
notice to USJ-R;

USJ-R may pull out any student-trainee from the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM upon prior
written notice to PAYRULER.

Before the student shall be allowed to undergo the on-the-job training under this contract, the student, of
legal age, shall execute a waiver renouncing and waiving any claim against PAYRULER and USJR for
any personal injury or pecuniary loss that the students may sustain or suffer in the performance of their
duties and functions while under the on-the-job training. Meanwhile, if the student is not of legal age,
the said waiver should be signed by the student and parent or guardian. The waiver of the student-
trainees shall be submitted to PAYRULER and USJR prior to the commencement of the training.

The trainee shall hold PAYRULER and USJ-R free and harmless from any suits whatsoever in
connection with this memorandum.

PAYRULER reserves the right to discontinue th CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM on
material and reasonable ground upon a receipt of (15)-day written notice to USJ-R.

That both parties shall exert all efforts necessary to achieve the objectives of this joint undertaking;
That neither of the parties shall be liable in any way for the failure to observe or perform any provision
of this agreement if such failure shall be caused by any law, rule or regulation of any constituted public

authority or shall be due to any cause rene the control of the party in default.

Should there be any disputes which remain unresolved, USJ-R and PAYRULER agree to seek relief in
the proper courts of Cebu City only.

All rights in any data, information, specifications, records, reports, techniques, methodologies, and drawings
whether recorded on paper or in electronic form, and models, all resulting from performance of a project shall be
the property of PAYRULER. Each trainee will assign copyright, patent rights and any other intellectual property
rights in the same to PAYRULER and, at the cost of PAYRULER, to do all acts and sign all documents necessary
to vest or more securely vest in PAYRULER the intellectual property rights.

E. Duration

Cer

1. It is expressly understood that there will be no employer-employee relationship between AGuyI Know
and the student-trainees of USJ-R;

2. Under no circumstances shall student-trainees of USJ-R, look to AGuyIKnow as employer, partner or
agent. Neither student-trainees of USJ-R, shall be entitled to any benefits accorded to company’s
employees, such as worker’s compensation, vacation leave, among others. AGuylIKnow shall be
responsible for providing, at its expense and in its name, licenses and permits usual or necessary for
conducting the training.

3. The student-trainees will be personally responsible for any and all liabilities for damage to property or
injury to third persons, which maybe occasioned by their intentional or negligent acts while in the
course of their training;

4. The student trainees and the USJ-R Program Coordinator shall abide with AGuyIKnow rules and
regulations and comply with those imposed under the program; otherwise they shall be excluded from
further participation:

5. AGuyIKnow reserves the right to discontinue the on-the-job training of any student-trainee upon prior
notice to USJ-R;

6. USJ-R may pull out any student-trainee from the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM upon
prior written notice to AGuyI Know.

7. Before the student shall be allowed to undergo the on-the-job training under this contract, the student,
of legal age, shall execute a waiver renouncing and waiving any claim against AGuyI Know and USJR
for any personal injury or pecuniary loss that the students may sustain or suffer in the performance of
their duties and functions while under the on-the-job training. Meanwhile, if the student is not of legal
age, the said waiver should be signed by the student and parent or guardian. The waiver of the student-
trainees shall be submitted to AGuyI Know and USJR prior to the commencement of the training.

8. The trainee shall hold AGuyIKnow and USJ-R free and harmless from any suits whatsoever in
connection with this memorandum.

9. AGuylKnow reserves the right to discontinue the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM on
material and reasonable ground upon a receipt of (15)-day written notice to USJ-R.

10. That both parties shall exert all efforts necessary to achieve the objectives of this joint undertaking;

11. That neither of the parties shall be liable in any way for the failure to observe or perform any provision
of this agreement if such failure shall be caused by any law, rule or regulation of any constituted public
authority or shall be due to any cause beyond the control of the party in default.

12. Should there be any disputes which remain unresolved, USJ-R and AGuyI Know agree to seek relief in
the proper courts of Cebu City only.

D. Intellectual Property Rights

All rights in any data, information, specifications, records, reports, techniques, methodologies, and drawings
whether recorded on paper or in electronic form, and models, all resulting from performance of a project shall
be the property of AGuyIKnow. Each trainee will assign copyright, patent rights and any other intellectual
property rights in the same to AGuylIKnow and, at the cost of AGuyIKnow, to do all acts and sign all
documents necessary to vest or more securely vest in AGuyI Know the intellectual property rights.

E. Duration

This agreement shall take effect immediately upon signing hereof and shall continue thereafter, provided,
however, that any provision of this agreement may be amended by after a fifteen (15)-day written notice and
consent by both parties, herein and provided further that AGuyI Know or USJ-R reserves the right to withdraw
its participation in the agreement upon thirty (30)-day written notice and upon the mutual consent of the parties.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereof have signed this Agreement on this day of

in : City.

e

“, SMARTSTART and USJ-R further agree that:

I.

10.

11.

EZ

It is expressly understood that there will be no employer-employee relationship between
SMARTSTART and the student-trainees of USJ-R;

Under no circumstances shall student-trainees of USJ-R, look to SMARTSTART as employer, partner
or agent. Neither student-trainees of USJ-R, shall be entitled to any benefits accorded to company’s
employees, such as worker’s compensation, vacation leave, among others except for the Training
allowance equivalent to seventy five percent of the minimum wage as agreed in this contract.
SMARTSTART shall be responsible for providing, at its expense and in its name, licenses and permits
usual or necessary for conducting the training.

The student-trainees will be personally responsible for any and all liabilities for damage to property or
injury to third persons, which maybe occasioned by their intentional or negligent acts while in the course
of their training;

The student trainees and the USJ-R Program Coordinator shall abide with SMARTSTART rules and
regulations and comply with those imposed under the program; otherwise they shall be excluded from
further participation: ,

SMARTSTART reserves the right to discontinue the on-the-job training of any student-trainee upon
prior notice to USJ-R;

USJ-R may pull out any student-trainee from the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM upon prior
written notice to SMARTSTART.

Before the student shall be allowed to undergo the on-the-job training under this contract, the student, of
legal age, shall execute a waiver renouncing and waiving any claim against SMARTSTART and USJR
for any personal injury or pecuniary loss that the students may sustain or suffer in the performance of
their duties and functions while under the on-the-job training. Meanwhile, if the student is not of legal
age, the said waiver should be signed by the student and parent or guardian. The waiver of the student-
trainees shall be submitted to SMARTSTART and USJR prior to the commencement of the training.

The trainee shall hold SMARTSTART and USJ-R free and harmless from any suits whatsoever in
connection with this memorandum.

SMARTSTART reserves the right to discontinue the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM on
material and reasonable ground upon a receipt of (15)-day written notice to USJ-R.

That both parties shall exert all efforts necessary to achieve the objectives of this joint undertaking;
That neither of the parties shall be liable in any way for the failure to observe or perform any provision
of this agreement if such failure shall be caused by any law, rule or regulation of any constituted public

authority or shall be due to any cause beyond the control of the party in default.

Should there be any disputes whiclrremain unresolved, USJ-R and SMARTSTART agree to seek relief
in the proper courts of Cebu City only..

D. Intellectual Property Rights

All rights in any data, information, specifications, records, reports, techniques, methodologies, and drawings
whether recorded on paper or in electronic form, and models, all resulting from performance of a project shall be
the property of SMARTSTART. Each trainee will assign copyright, patent rights and any other intellectual
property rights in the same to SMARTSTART and, at the cost of SMARTSTART, to do all acts and sign all
documents necessary to vest or more securely vest in SMARTSTART the intellectual property rights.

E. Duration

rash eee Bmp eH mn

b. USJ-R will take all reasonable necessary steps to prevent disclosure of the technical or
commercial information and other matters and drawings or other materials, to others and will not
disclose the same to others without prior written consent from WESERV.

C. WESERV and USJ-R further agree that:

Ti

There will be no employer-employee relationship between WESERV and the student-trainees of USJ-
R.

Under no circumstances shall student-trainees of USJ-R, look to WESERV as employer, partner or
agent. Neither student-trainees of USJ-R, shall be entitled to any benefits accorded to company’s

~ employees, such as worker’s compensation, vacation leave and among others. WESERV shall be

10.

Il.

responsible for providing, at its expense and in its name, licenses and permits usual or necessary for
conducting the training.

The student-trainees will be personally responsible for any and all liabilities for damage to property or
injury to third persons, which maybe occasioned by their intentional or negligent acts while in the
course of their training.

The student trainees and the USJ-R Program Coordinator shall abide with WESERV rules and
regulations and comply with those imposed under the program; otherwise they shall be excluded from
further participation.

WESERYV reserves the right to discontinue the on-the-job training of any student-trainee upon prior
notice to USJ-R.

USJ-R may pull out any student-trainee from the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM by giving
thirty-day written notice to WESERV. ,

Before the student shall be allowed to undergo the on-the-job training under this contract, the student,
of legal age, shall execute a waiver renouncing and waiving any claim against WESERV and USJR
for any personal injury or pecuniary loss that the students may sustain or suffer in the performance of
their duties and functions while under the on-the-job training. Meanwhile, if the student is not of legal
age, the said waiver should be signed by the student and parent or guardian. The waiver of the student-
trainees shall be submitted to WESERV and USJR prior to the commencement of the training.

The trainee shall hold WESERV and USJ-R free and harmless from any suits whatsoever in
connection with this memorandum.

WESERV reserves the right to discontinue the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM for any
reason whatsoever after sending a fifteen-day (15) written notice to USJ-R.

Both parties shall exert all efforts necessary to achieve the objectives of this joint undertaking.
Neither of the parties shall be liable in any way for the failure to observe or perform any provision of

this agreement if such failure shall be caused by any law, rule or regulation of any constituted public
authority or shall be due to any cause pene the control of the pany in default.

. Should there be any disputes which rena ‘unresolved, USJ-R and WESERV agree to seek relief in

the proper courts of Cebu City only. =~

D. Intellectual Property Rights

-

Intellectual Property shall include any property defined as such by the Intellectual Property Code of the
Philippines (R.A. 8293);

In the absence of any written consent from WESERV, the Students cannot use any confidential
information or data from WESERV to create intellectual property. All intellectual property rights
developed by the Student while the Student is under the Program subject of this Agreement are hereby
assigned to and vests in WESERV. _ !


E. Data Privacy

I.

In case any personal data should be involved, WESERV shall process any personal data held in
connection with this Agreement solely for the purpose of fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement.

The parties agree that USJR will be the Data Controller and WESERV will be the Data Processor. As

_ data processor, WESERV shall only process personal data in strict accordance with the instructions of

USJR and will ensure that all Personal Data will be protected in accordance with the standards imposed
by Republic Act 10173 otherwise known as the Data Privacy Act of 2012 and its Implementing Rules
and Regulations and other relevant laws.

In turn, USJR warrants that all personal information of the Students submitted to WESERV is
compliant with the applicable provisions of the Data Privacy laws and that it has obtained the necessary
consent from the Students. Moreover, USJR warrants that it has retained proof of these consents and
these may be provided to WESERV upon request.

F. Assignment

USJR shall make no assignment of any of its rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement without
WESERV’s prior written consent which consent may be withheld by the WESERV in its sole and
absolute discretion. 7

G. Liability and Indemnification

I.

In consideration for WESERV allowing the Students of USJR to participate in the Program, USJR
voluntarily assumes all risks of accidents, injury and damage brought about by the Student’s willful
misconduct, fault or negligence to WESERV and hereby releases WESERV, its employees, agents and
officers from every claim, liability and demand of any kind.

USJR shall defend, indemnify and hold WESERV, its officers and employees harmless and shall
answer for any claims, liabilities, losses, damages, costs or expenses, act or omission, death or personal
injury or loss or damage to the property of WESERV that are arising out of or in connection with the
Program subject of this Agreement;

USJR shall be personally responsible for any illness or injury sustained and any illness or injury
sustained by others over the course of the Program subject of this Agreement due to the failure of the
Student to observe and follow WESERV’s company policies, rules, regulations and safety procedures.

In this light, USJR shall hold WESERV free and harmless and shall waive any demand, claim or

complaint, whatsoever arising from this Agreement;

The responsibilities under this Section shall continue to remain the responsibility of the Students and
USJR even after the termination of this Agreement, if such losses or damages were incurred during the
effectivity of this Agreement.

ns

For clarity, USJR shall include any teacher, personnel or any person affiliated with USJR in their
personal or professional capacity;

G. Duration

This Agreement shall be effective immediately upon signing until March 25, 2019. arene the
parties may terminate this Agreement:

ef

2.

At any time by providing at least thirty days’ written notice to the other;

If there is a material violation of the terms and conditions that warrant a cancellation of this Agreement.

BS eS,

C. DNI and USJ-R further agree that:

I. It is expressly understood that there will be no employer-employee relationship between DNI and the
student-trainees of USJ -R;

2. Under no circumstances shall Student-trainees of USJ-R, look to DNI as employer, partner or agent.
Neither student-trainees of USJ-R, shall be entitled to any benefits accorded to company’s employees,
such as worker’s compensation, vacation leave, among others. DNI shall be responsible for providing,
at its expense and in its name, licenses and permits usual or necessary for conducting the training.

3. The student-trainees will be personally responsible for any and all liabilities for damage to property or
injury to third persons, which maybe occasioned by their intentional or negligent acts while in the
course of their training;

4. The student trainees and the USJ-R Program Coordinator shall abide with DNI rules and regulations
and comply with those imposed under the program, otherwise they shall be excluded from further
participation:

5. DNI reserves the right to discontinue the on-the-job training of any student-trainee upon prior notice to
USJ-R;

6. USJ-R may pull out any student-trainee from the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM upon
prior written notice to DNI.

7. Before the student shall be allowed to undergo the on-the-job training under this contract, the student,
of legal age, shall execute a waiver renouncing and waiving any claim against DNI and USJR for any

8. The trainee shall hold DNI and USJ-R free and harmless from any suits whatsoever in connection with
this memorandum.

9. DNI reserves the right to discontinue the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM on material and
reasonable ground upon a receipt of (15)-day written notice to USJ-R.

10. That both parties shall exert all efforts necessary to achieve the objectives of this joint undertaking;

11. That neither of the parties shall be liable in any way for the failure to observe or perform any provision
of this agreement if such failure shall be caused by any law, rule or regulation of any constituted public
authority or shall be due to any cause beyond the control of the party in default.

12. Should there be any disputes which remain unresolved, USJ-R and DNI agree to seek relief in the
proper courts of Cebu City only. :

D. Intellectual Property Rights

All rights in any data, information, specifications, records, reports, techniques, methodologies, and drawings
whether recorded on paper or in electronic form, and models, all resulting from performance of a project shall
be the property of DNI. Each trainee will assign copyright, patent rights and any other intellectual property
rights in the same to DNI and, at the cost of DNIL, to do all acts and sign all documents necessary to vest or
more securely vest in DNI the intellectual property rights.

‘ag

E. Duration ly

This agreement shall take effect immediately upon signing hereof and shall continue thereafter, provided,
however, that any provision of this agreement may be amended by after a fifteen ( 15)-day written notice and
consent by both parties, herein and provided further that DNI or USJ-R reserves the right to withdraw its

participation in the agreement upon thirty (30)-day written notice and upon the mutual consent of the parties.

se NO RR Fe

C. CITY OF CEBU and USJ-R further agree that:

I. It is expressly understood that there will be no employer-employee relationship between CITY OF
CEBU and the student-trainees of USJ-R; :

2. Under no circumstances shall student-trainees of USJ-R, look to CITY OF CEBU as employer, partner
Or agent. Neither student-trainees of USJ-R, shall be entitled to any benefits accorded to company’s
employees, such as worker’s compensation, vacation leave, among others. CITY OF CEBU shall be
responsible for providing, at its expense and in its name, licenses and permits usual or necessary for
conducting the training.

3. The student-trainees will be personally responsible for any and all liabilities for damage to property or
injury to third persons, which maybe occasioned by their intentional or negli gent acts while in the course
of their training;

4. The student trainees and the USJ-R Program Coordinator shall abide with CITY OF CEBU rules and
regulations and comply with those imposed under the Program; otherwise they shall be excluded from
further participation:

5. CITY OF CEBU reserves the right to discontinue the on-the-job training of any student-trainee upon
prior notice to USJ-R;

6. USJ-R may pull out any student-trainee from the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM upon prior
written notice to CITY OF CEBU.

7. Before the student shall be allowed to undergo the on-the-job training under this contract, the student, of
legal age, shall execute a waiver renouncing and waiving any claim against CITY OF CEBU and USJR
for any personal injury or pecuniary loss that the students may sustain or suffer in the performance of
their duties and functions while under the on-the-job training. Meanwhile, if the student is not of legal
age, the said waiver should be signed by the student and parent or guardian. The waiver of the student-
trainees shall be submitted to CITY OF CEBU and USJR prior to the commencement of the training.

8. The trainee shall hold CITY OF CEBU and USJ-R free and harmless from any suits whatsoever in
connection with this memorandum.

9. CITY OF CEBU reserves the right to discontinue the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM on
material and reasonable ground upon a receipt of (15)-day written notice to USJ-R.

10. That both parties shall exert all efforts necessary to achieve the objectives of this joint undertaking;

12. Should there be any disputes which remain unresolved, USJ-R and CITY OF CEBU agree to seek relief
in the proper courts of Cebu City only. :

D. Intellectual Property Rights

All rights in any data, information, specifications, records, reports, techniques, methodologies, and drawings
whether recorded on Paper or in electronic form, and models, all resulting from performance of a project shall be
the property of CITY OF CEBU. Each trainee will assign copyright, patent rights and any other intellectual
property rights in the same to CITY OF CEBU and, at the cost of CITY OF CEBU, to do all acts and sign all
documents necessary to vest or more securely vest in CITY OF CEBU the intellectual property rights.

E. Duration

Thie AOoOreamant ahall «4..1.. 0°r°r .,

i
’
In

9. Be personally responsible for any and all liabilities for damage to property
or injury to third persons by reason of his/her intentional act or gross
negligence during the course of the training.

10. The presence of the FIRST PARTY in the company of the SECOND PARTY
during the internship would not constitute an employer employee
relationship.

11.Insurance for the duration of the Work-From-Home internship is not
necessary since the FIRST PARTY is expected to stay at his/her home
during the training hours.

B. The SECOND PARTY shall:

1. Formulate a supervised training plan for the student-trainees, in cooperation
with the assigned program coordination of the University:

2. The training hours must be within 8:00 a.m. to 9:00 pm, otherwise,
permission from the university is required along with the parent’s consent.

3. May deploy the FIRST PARTY to the different departments within the
company but the task assigned shall be done through Work-From-Home. In
no case shall the SECOND PARTY requires the FIRST PARTY to render
any work outside from his/her home during the duration of this
internship/training.

4. Specifically, the Training Partner shall expose the student-trainees to
learning experience on actual work operation related to the students
program of studies pursuant to the formulated training plan:

%. Assign personnel who will serve as a guide to students-trainees. The
Students will be assigned practical and related work along their area of
specialization which should not be hazardous or deleterious in nature.

6. Involve the student-trainees in activities and tasks to develop their attitude
and creative abilities to become professionals.
es
7. Accomplish necessary forms required in connection with the training of their
students. |

8. Enforce rules that will govern the conduct of the program in the premises.
Said rules shall be made known to the UNIVERSITY and shall be subject
to the UNIVERSITY’s approval prior the start of the training.

9. It shall be the obligation of the SECOND PARTY to see to it that the FIRST

TRA Ta, kllakn

10. Evaluate the performance of the Student-trainees in 3 terms such as prelim,
midterm and finals within the semestral training at the end of the program.

11.Protect the student-trainees against any form of sexual harassment
pursuant to Republic Act 7877, otherwise known as the “Anti-Sexual
Harassment Act’.

12. The Training Partner reserves the right to discontinue the training of any
Student-trainees on reasonable grounds upon written notice to the
UNIVERSITY concerned.

- RELATIONSHIP. This Agreement does not constitute a partnership agreement or
create an employer- employee relationship, joint venture or agency relationship
between the parties. No party shall hold itself out contrary to the terms of this
Agreement. It is Specifically understood that each party is an independent entity
and shall not be considered an em ployer, employee, agent or representative of the
other. Neither party is a legal representative of the other party, and neither party
can assume or create any obligation, representation, warranty or guarantee,
express or implied, on behalf of the other party for any purpose whatsoever.

- NON-TRANSFERABILITY. The SECOND PARTY may not assign or subcontract
its duties or responsibilities under this Agreement without the prior written approval
of the FIRST PARTY

. INDEMNITY. SECOND PARTY shall defend, indemnify, and hold FIRST PARTY
or his/her representatives, free and harmless from and against all claims,
damages, liabilities and costs of every kind and character resulting from or relating
to the inaccuracy, nonfulfillment or breach of any of SECOND PARTY’S
representation, warranty, covenant or obligation under this Agreement.

. VENUE OF ACTIONS. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the
Republic of the Philippines. Venue of any legal action arising from this Agreement
shall be filed with the courts of Cebu City only to the exclusion of all other courts.

. FORCE MAJEURE ~ No claim for damages by any party shall arise out of any
breach of this AGREEMENT: if such breach is caused directly by government
interference/s or of any statute of,regulation, war, riot, civil disorder, revolution,
acts of public enemies, strike ‘or other labor disturbance, fire, flood, natural
calamities, or any other cause beyond the control of either parties.

- TERMINATION. The FIRST PARTY shall reserve the right to pre-terminate the
Internship program contemplated under this Agreement by serving a written notice
to the other party at least thirty (30) days prior to the intended date of termination
based on the following grounds:

j Tha QECOAIT FIAT Ss fata be wk ee a

INTERNSHIP MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT (MOA)

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

This Memorandum of Agreement is made and entered into this _9th day of
June , 2022 by and between:

Emmanuel Emit, a BACHELOR OF SCIENCE IN COMPUTER SCIENCE
(BSCS) student of University of San Jose-Recoletos with postal address at Magallanes
Street, 6000 Cebu City herein referred to as the FIRST PARTY and on Miss Geraline
Sagun, with address at 14th Floor, BuildComm Center, Sumilon Road, Cebu City, 6000
Cebu herein represented by Emmanuel Emit, Software developer herein referred to as
the SECOND PARTY.

WHEREAS, the FIRST PARTY is applying for internship at the company of the
second Party in fulfilment of the requirement of the course to undergo industry exposure
through Work-from-home (WFH) mode prior to graduation in order to adequately be
familiar with actual work, thereby augmenting formal training;

WHEREAS, the SECOND PARTY agreed to accept FIRST PARTY as trainee at
its various facilities in support to the curriculum requirement of the On-the-Job
Training/Practicum/Internship, which aims to complement existing academic program
curricula to match the industry demand and prepare the FIRST PARTY for the real work
environment:

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing premises, the
FIRST PARTY and the SECOND PARTY do hereby agree and stipulate the following:

A. The FIRST PARTY shall
1. At least be 18 years old:

2. Enrolled in practicum or equivalent subject, at least 3" year (24 Semester)
or 4" curricular year;

3. Passed pre-practicum requirements;

4. Completed all pre-requisite subjects:

5. Physically, mentally and emotionally fit
6. Has consent from parents/guardians..

7. Render required number of hours of at least 300 hours on the whole
_ duration of the training course.

8. Submit to the SECOND PARTY prior to the commencement of the training
the waiver of any claim against the Training Partner for any iniury that the

