





TO:		All Concerned					DATE: 	August 1, 2020

THROUGH:	The Deans, Directors, Principals, and Office Heads

SUBJECT:	University Guidelines under General Community Quarantine (GCQ) and 
		Resumption of Duty


In view of the declaration of Cebu City Mayor Edgardo C. Labella that the City shall be under General Community Quarantine (GCQ) from August 1, 2020 until August 15, 2020 unless sooner lifted or withdrawn, as mandated under IATF-MEID Resolution No. 60-A dated July 30, 2020, please be guided of the following when the employees concerned report for duty on August 5 to 15, 2020:

The University shall observe the minimum public health standards.  Everyone is advised to continue to comply with existing safety protocols and precautionary measures at all times.

In compliance with government’s declarations relative to Health Standards and Safety Protocols in line with the COVID-19 pandemic, the University has adopted its “WORKPLACE HEALTH AND SAFETY CONTINGENCY PLAN” to ensure the protection of the health, safety, and well-being of learners, teachers, personnel, and other stakeholders.

A skeletal workforce shall be implemented.

The faculty shall adopt flexible learning modalities of instruction in accordance with the advisories and guidelines issued by the Commission on Higher Education (CHED) and Department of Education (DepEd).

For the non-teaching personnel, the scheme will be a blend of physical on-site duty and work from home arrangement (WFH) to complete the required number of hours per week (42 hours). The office heads are required to submit the work schedule of their personnel to the Human Resource Management Office (HRMO).  At the end of the week, the heads are required to submit an accomplishment reports for the WFH output.

The following employees are highly encouraged to do WFH arrangement:

‘At risk’ workers and vulnerable groups, or those 60 years old and above, those with immunodeficiency, comorbidities or other health risks, pre-existing illness, and pregnant women (Section 2A of Executive Order No. 086 Series of 2020).

Those employees living in areas under localized lockdowns until the lifting of the lockdown in the areas identified (Executive Order No. 086 Series of 2020).  The employee will be allowed to resume work upon submission of a certification or doctor’s clearance.

To comply with the University’s health protocols and Workplace Health and Safety Contingency Plan, physical work for non-teaching personnel shall resume on August 5, 2020 to pave the way for the disinfection of those requesting office or general cleaning. The offices requesting for disinfection shall coordinate with the Campus Planning Office for their respective schedules.

The following precautionary measures in the workplace provided in our Workplace Health and Safety Contingency Plan shall observed:

Regular disinfection of the school premises.

A “One Entrance, One Exit Policy” shall be implemented.

All shall undergo a temperature check and are required to wear face masks at all times. We shall adhere to the ‘no mask, no entry’ policy. 

All are required to accomplish a Health Declaration Form.  If an employee has a temperature of exceeding 37.5 degrees Celsius, even after a 5-minute rest, or if his or her response in the questionnaire needs further evaluation by the clinic staff, the employee concerned shall be isolated in the triage and will not be allowed to enter the work premises. 

Clinic personnel assigned to assess the workers held in the triage shall be provided with the appropriate medical grade personal protective equipment (PPE) including but not limited to face masks, goggles/face shields, and/or gloves.

An employee who manifests symptoms like sore throat, fever, dry cough, and influenza-like symptoms shall be excused from work.  The employee shall submit online to the HRMO a medical certificate as proof of illness and may only be allowed to report upon submission to HRMO thru online a medical certificate of fit to work. 

An employee suspected of having COVID-I9 must follow DOH protocol and endorsed by the clinic staff to DOH.

Disinfection shall be done for equipment or vehicle entering the University, including facilities and touched objects, such as doorknobs and handles.

The personnel shall at all times wear face masks, observe physical distancing, hand washing, proper respiratory etiquette, and sanitation practices.  All personnel shall bring their hygiene kit containing alcohol or hand sanitizing gel.

Employees are also discouraged to eat in communal areas and to engage in conversation, as well as prolonged face to face interaction with co-employees and clients/guests. Meetings needing physical presence shall be kept at a minimum number of participants and with short duration. The use of online communication platforms and tools such as Zoom, Google Meet or Videoconferencing  shall be utilized for lengthy discussions among workers

Mass gatherings such as but not limited to concerts, sporting events and other entertainment activities, community assemblies, and non-essential work gatherings, shall be prohibited.  Religious gatherings shall be limited to not more than 10 persons (Section 2J of Executive Order No. 086 Series of 2020).

The University shall continue to provide transportation services to prevent exposure of personnel to other commuters.

Before work resumption, employees shall undergo pre-conditioning by the Student Development and Placement Center (SDPC).  Employees needing psycho-social support may be referred by the Heads of Office to the SDPC.

To carry out the mission of the Recollects, the University shall continue to give the employees an avenue to share and pray together as a community through the conduct of online prayer meetings, group sharing and mini-Lectio Divina to be facilitated by the Campus Ministry Office (CMO).

As one Josenian family, we move forward as we surmount the challenges brought about by this COVID-19 pandemic.  God bless us all.

						

						REV. FR. CRISTOPHER C. MASPARA, OAR
						University President
