EY

ll. TERM

This MOU shall be valid for a period of 1 year from the Effective Date. The Parties may
extend the Term for a further period by a suitable amendment to this MOU to be
executed in writing by both Parties.

lil. DEFINITIONS

1. “Applicable Laws” means all laws, enactments, orders, ordinances, rules,
regulations, regulatory guidance, regulatory requirements and any form of
secondary legislation, resolution, policy, guidelines, concessions or court or
governmental orders from time to time having the force of law and applicable to
the performance, receipt or use of the Services in the relevant jurisdiction.

2. “Faculty” refers to the teaching staff of the Educational Institute;

3. “Students” refers to the students of the Educational Institute.

IV. INTENDED BENEFITS OF THE COLLABORATION
a) For Educational Institute

1) Opportunity to update the Faculty and Students of the emerging trends in the
industry.

2) Opportunity to collaborate with EY GDS in conducting various internal
seminars and workshops in the Educational Institute focused on application
of knowledge to real life situations.

3) Opportunity to expose the Students to interactive sessions with industry
leaders from EY GDS.

b) For EY GDS

1) Opportunity to observe creation of a pool of trained and skilled Students.

V. PROPOSED ACTIVITIES UNDER THIS MOU
The following activities are envisaged to be undertaken pursuant to this MOU:

a) Launch of EY GDS Academia Program for the students and faculty under the
School of Computer Studies

In addition to the above, the Parties may mutually agree on undertaking additional
activities and the same shall be treated as undertaken pursuant to the terms of this
MOU.

It is clarified that the Parties shall endeavour to conduct the above activities and shall
collaborate in advance around the planning of such activities. However, nothing in this
MOU is to be construed as being obligatory on either Party to ensure conduct of these
activities.

Acar

EY

There shall be no consideration payable by either Party to the other for these activities
and each Party shall bear their own costs for the respective arrangements being made
by them.

VI. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

1.

Where EY GDS and Educational Institute share sensitive information and
material which are classified / patented / copyrighted by either of the parties,
the same should neither be shared nor be used for any purpose outside of this
intervention, without expressed permission from the other party. Whereas
materials and information with rights of the third party are used, the same can
only be used by either party otherwise only with expressed permission from the
right-holder.

Each Party shall continue to be the owner of its respective trademarks,
copyrights and all other proprietary rights and no party shall use any trademark,
logo or copyright of any other party without permission in writing of the party
who owns such proprietary rights.

3. There shall be no transfer of any intellectual property rights under this MOU.

The provisions of this clause VI are binding on both Parties.

Vil. CONFIDENTIALITY

Ty

During the tenure of this MOU, and prior to its execution during any discussions
between the parties regarding this MOU, Educational Institute may have
access to confidential information regarding ‘EY GDS,’ its associates and
affiliates and its client information. Educational Institute agrees (A) to maintain
in confidence all such information acquired from the ‘EY GDS’ (B) not to
disclose any such information to anyone except the Educational Institute
personnel authorized to receive it and third parties to whom such disclosure is
specifically authorized in writing by EY GDS, and (C) not to use the ‘EY GDS’s
confidential information for any purpose other than that for which it is disclosed.

Information considered confidential by EY GDS includes, without limitation
(“Confidential Information”): (A) Client reports/information, or third parties,
matters of a technical nature such as trade secret processes or devices, know-
how, data, formulas, inventions (whether or not patentable or copyrighted),
training materials, specifications and characteristics of products planned or
being developed, and research subjects, methods and results, (B) matters of a
business nature such as information about costs, profits, pricing policies,
markets, sales, suppliers, customers, employees, product plans, and marketing
plans or strategies, (C) other information of a similar nature not generally
disclosed by the EY GDS to the public, (D) confidential information of EY GDS
based on materials, books, prints, etc. accessible to Educational Institute or its
authorized representative.

3. The obligations imposed by this clause shall not apply to any information that
(A) is placed in the public domain by the EY GDS by affirmative action and not
by inadvertence, (B) is independently developed by the Educational Institute
without access to such Confidential Information, or (C) is approved for release
in writing by an authorized representative of the EY GDS.

4. In the event Educational Institute receives any validly issued administrative or
judicial process or request from any governmental or tax authority requesting
disclosure of Confidential Information, it shall provide prompt notice to the EY
GDS of such request to enable EY GDS take suitable steps to protect its
Confidential Information.

5. Without EY GDS’ prior written consent Educational Institute shall not in any
manner disclose, advertise or publish the existence or terms of, or activities
under this MOU.

6. The terms and conditions of this Clause VII shall survive termination of this
MOU.

The provisions of this clause VII are binding on both Parties.

Vill. WARRANTIES AND INDEPENDENCE

a) Educational Institute represents, warrants and undertakes, as of the date of this
MOU, that:

1) Entering this type of agreement is in the ordinary course of the Educational
Institute’s engagement with organizations such as EY GDS;

2) The representative executing this MOU on behalf of the Educational Institute
has the legal right and full power and authority to enter into and perform this
MOU, which when executed shall constitute a valid and binding obligation of
the Educational Institute;

3) During the Term of this MOU, none of the Educational Institute’s directors,
officers or direct or indirect substantial equity owners and none of the
individuals with significant responsibility in the business relationship with EY
GDS contemplated herein shall be a partner, executive officer, member of the
Board of Directors, or a direct or indirect substantial equity owner (or otherwise
with control), of any audit client of an EY Member Firm. For the purposes of this
clause, a person or entity shall be deemed a "substantial equity owner" of an
entity if he or it (i) is a general partner in such entity, if such entity is a limited
partnership; (ii) holds a 5% Or more direct or indirect equity interest in (or the
power, by contract or other relationship, to direct the affairs or management of)
such entity, if such entity is publicly-traded; (iii) holds a 20% or more direct or

indirect equity interest in (or the power, by contract or other relationship, to
LUpae direct the affairs or management of) such entity, if such entity is privately-held;

EY

b) The Educational Institute agrees to advise EY GDS immediately of any change in
fact that could render any of the Educational Institute’s representations, warranties
and undertakings, as set out in Clause VIII (a) above, false or invalid in any respect
during the Term of the MOU. In the event that any of the Educational Institute’s
representations, warranties and undertakings ceases to be accurate, EY GDS may
terminate this MOU with immediate effect.

The provisions of this clause VIII are binding on both Parties.

IX. TERMINATION

1. This MOU shall automatically terminate upon expiry of the Term unless extended
by the Parties.

2. Either Party may terminate this MOU for convenience by issuing a 60 day notice
to the other Party.

3. Either Party may terminate this MOU with immediate effect if in the reasonable
opinion of Either Party, its professional obligations require it to terminate.

X. GOVERNING LAW

This MOU shall be governed by the laws of Philippines, and the courts of Philippines
shall have the exclusive jurisdiction over all matters pertaining to this MOU. In case of
any dispute between the Parties, the Parties will first try to amicably resolve it by
escalating the issue to the senior management of the other Party. Where the issue
remains unresolved, the dispute shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with the
Philippine Dispute Resolution Center, Inc. (PDRCI) Arbitration Rules in force at the
time of the commencement of the arbitration. The number of arbitrators shall be one
unless the parties agree that the dispute would require three. The seat, or legal place,
of arbitration shall be the Philippines.

Xl. Data Privacy

Parties represents and warrants on behalf of itself and its authorized representatives
that it is, and it will continue to be, in compliance with all applicable personal data
protection and privacy laws and regulations (including but not limited to GDPR, if
applicable).

Alpe

