




OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT


TO:		All Concerned					DATE:	     May 16, 2020

THROUGH:	The Deans, Directors, Principals, and Office Heads

SUBJECT:	Guidelines while Cebu City remains under ECQ


In view of the declaration by Mayor Edgardo Labella that all ordinances pertaining to the Enhanced Community Quarantine (ECQ) shall remain effective following the release of the resolution of the Inter-Agency Task Force for the Management of Emerging Infectious Disease (IATF-MEID) allowing Cebu City to remain under ECQ, please be guided of the following:


Stringent quarantine measures are implemented.

School premises remain closed.

Work in the physical school facility shall be suspended as only essential businesses and services are allowed to operate.  Generally, the University shall not allow school personnel to report for work in the physical school facility.  However, the exception is when certain school personnel are required to perform essential activities and tasks at the physical workplace which are urgent and of utmost importance. The University shall likewise issue a written directive ordering the employee to perform the essential task so that the latter may present the same to the police and other officials at checkpoints.

Flexible teaching-learning modalities for the faculty shall be adopted.

Pure work from home scheme (WFH)/telecommuting for the non-teaching personnel shall be implemented.

In connection with the WFH arrangement, the Deans, Principals, Directors and Office heads are required to submit the at the end of the week, the accomplishment reports of their personnel to the Human Resource Management Office (HRMO). 

Since public transportation system shall be suspended, buses will be deployed for those employees performing essential tasks when the personnel concerned has no other means of transport.

The University has put in place the availability of virtual offices in terms of work collaboration among employees in relation to the nature of the online work of their respective offices to ensure smooth and uninterrupted work and that services are still deliverable.  

SDPC shall continue to give online counselling services to manage the mental health and well-being of the employees. Library resources and online research help shall be made available to support online teaching-learning during the ECQ.  The clinic personnel shall likewise be open for online consultations.

Everyone is highly encouraged to stay at home and to strictly adhere to existing safety and precautionary measures to ensure health and safety. This includes strict compliance with social distancing and use of face masks.

As one Josenian family, we continually pray as we look forward to better days.   God bless us all.




						REV. FR. CRISTOPHER C. MASPARA, OAR
						University President

/bvs


