1.6. | Reserves the right to terminate the Grant of the LEAD HEI or impose the
appropriate sanctions against the LEAD HEI for any violation of relevant CHED
Memorandum Orders, rules and regulations; and

1.7. Issue a Certificate of Completion of the project upon approval of all outputs of the
LEAD HEI and upon approval of the accomplishment/terminal and liquidation
reports.

1.8. _ Upon issuance of the Certificate of Completion, relieve the LEAD HEI of the
Grant obligations and responsibilities under the Grant.

The LEAD HEI shall:

2.1. | Undertake and implement the CPE Program, in accordance with the approved
CPE Proposal (Appendix B) and approved Work and Financial Plan (WFP), as
detailed in Appendix C such that the date of reckoning shall be upon the LEAD
HEl’s receipt of the Notice to Proceed (NTP) 2nd upon release of the first tranche
of funds from the CHED;

2.2. _ Undertake engagements under the Grant and ensure that the funding provided
by the Grant is solely for the purposes indicated in the WFP (Appendix C) as
approved by the CHED;

2.3. Properly utilize the Grant and shall see to it that said Grant is used for the
purpose for which the same are intended, in accordance with the approved WFP,
and subject to accepted government accounting and auditing rules and
regulations. The LEAD HEI acknowledges that failure to satisfactorily complete
the program within the period stated in the approved Work and Financial Plan, or
within the period of any extensions granted shall mean forfeiture or
discontinuance of the Project;

2.4. Monitor its progress of the implementation of trie CPE Program vis-a-vis the
approved Work and Financial Plan (Appendix C);

2.5. Secure and submit all relevant permits, licenses, Intellectual Property Rights,
clearances, official receipts, and proof of expenditures, that may be required for
the implementation of the project;

2.6. Be accountable to the CHED for the successful implementation and completion
of the project;

2.7. Submit, in a timely manner, all monitoring and evaluation documents and forms
that may be required by the CHED;

2.8. Submit final reports/ outputs as required by CMO No. 72, series of 2017 as
amended by CMO No.3 , Series of 2020, and a Liquidation Report with
supporting Proof of Expenditures as final deliverables for the CPE Program,

2.9. Ensure that the grant shall not be used to fund capital outlay. The LEAD HEI
must also ensure that the computation for any honoraria shall be in accordance
with accepted government accounting and auditing rules, and with the existing
rules and regulations of the Department of Budget and Management (DBM) as
per DBM Budget Circular 2007-001 and 2007-002;

2.10.

2.12.

2.13.

2.14.

2.15.

216,

Secure written permission from CHED, if applicable, before making changes in
the approved engagements;

Repay all financial support extended to the LEAD HEI to the CHED in case the
LEAD HEI is proven to have used funds for purposes other than those indicated
in the approved Work and Financial Plan;

Establish fair and equitable arrangements with other HEls who will be co-
collaborators (if any) regarding the use of funding, set in place with their own
Agreements:

Ensure that team members in the project are:
a. compliant with the minimum eligibility requirements of the Grant;
b. of good moral character;
c. able and willing to undertake the research/ project; and
d. cognizant and are accepting the commitment.

Ensure that all outcomes of the CPE Program be compliant with the terms of the
pertinent University Research Board (URB), Institutional Research Committee
(IRC), and Ethics committee, to ensure the highest standards of ethics and safety;

Comply and coordinate with the CHED for any monitoring visit or presentation
during the duration of the project:

Fulfill all other terms and conditions of the Grant and other relevant provisions as
indicated in CMO No. 72, series of 2017 as amended by CMO No. 3, Series of
2020, and all other CHED rules and regulations already issued and will be issued
in the future; and acknowledges that failure to fulfill the Terms and Conditions
stated in CMO No. 72, series of 2017 as amended by CMO No. 3, Series of 2020
and in this Agreement shall result in administrative or criminal action, and shall
disqualify the LEAD HEI from any other grants awarded by the CHED.

ARTICLE Il
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

Ownership and enjoyment thereof arising from this project shall be governed by the applicable
provisions of RA 10055 (An Act Providing the Framework and Support System for the
Ownership, Management, Use, and Commercialization of Intellectual Property Generated
from Research and Development funded by Government and for other purposes), and
Republic Act 8293 (An Act Prescribing the Intellectual Property Code and Establishing the
Intellectual Property Office, Providing for Its Powers and Functions, and for Other
Purposes) including their respective Implementing Rules and Regulations, as well as existing
and future policies of the CHED on Intellectual Property Rights such as but not limited to the

following:

1. Any publication arising from the activities undertaken by virtue of and pursuant to this
Agreement shall clearly establish and identify the Parties as the source of the output and
Grant,respectively;

2. All reports arising from activities undertaken by virtue of and pursuant to this Agreement
shall be made in the name of the Parties, as source of the output and Grant,


respectively. The names of the principal authors, developers, instructors, researchers
and/or Team Leads shall be identified, recognized and included in the report;

3. The CHED shall have the right to freely use all outputs, data and findings by virtue of
and pursuant to this Contract for any of the purposes within its legal mandate, through
activities such as:

a. dissemination and publication of outputs on various platforms/ media for public
access under the Creative Commons Attribution, Non-Commercial, No
Derivatives (CC-BY-NC-ND) license,

b. citation of outputs, data and findings in reports, further research, presentations,
among others

4. Inthe event that the LEAD HEI updates the outputs under the Grant after the Grant
period, but not more than five (5) years thereafter, the CHED shall be allowed to
distribute materials without any additional cost.

5. The LEAD HEI, acknowledged as the principal authors, researchers and/or Team Leads
identified, recognized and included in the outputs, shall provide the CHED written updates
on the use of any of the materials, data or information contained in the outputs and the
purposes thereof, to ensure that government-funded materials and researches are
utilized, continuously supported, and properly documented for the widest dissemination
and use by the general public, and to encourage further projects and researches;

6. The LEAD HEI shall ensure that the activities and research conducted, and outputs
produced, would not violate the intellectual property rights of any third party.

ARTICLE Ill
ETHICAL CONDUCT OF RESEARCH

The LEAD HEI has the responsibility of ensuring that the conduct of the research is in accordance
with ethical research standards. If deemed necessary by the CHED, a written endorsement from
the University Research Board (URB), Institutional Research Committee (IRC), Office of the
University President, or equivalent, validating the project's adherence to ethical research
practices, will be required should the research focus on human and animal subjects. The same
sanction cited in the succeeding Article shall apply to other violations found under this provision
of the Contract. This includes falsification of any documents submitted to the CHED.

ARTICLE IV
ACTIONS IN CASE OF BREACH
The CHED reserves the right to terminate the Grant based on the following grounds:
1. Refusal or failure of the LEAD HEI to comply with the policies and guidelines herein
stated, and with any provision of the Memorandum of Agreement between the CHED

and the LEAD HEI:

2. Misrepresentation, corruption, or fraud by the LEAD HEI and/or any of its personnel
serving as project lead/ team members;


3. Failure to submit the required accomplishment reports and/or financial reports according
to the schedule given by the CHED;

4. Failure to complete the project under the Grant, including the implementation of the plan,

within the approved duration, unless an extension of the project was approved by the
CHED;

5. Use of funds for purposes other than those indicated in the approved project proposal
and Work and Financial Plan;

6. Violation of intellectual property rights of internal and external parties in the conduct of
activities and/ or research, and in the outcomes of the project;

7. Failure of ethical safeguards for research or lack thereof;

8. Fraudulent misrepresentation of information, or other such analogous circumstances;
and

9. Other acts as may be considered by the CHED as inimical to the Republic of the
Philippines and those that adversely affect the integrity of the Grant.

The CHED also reserves the right to take further actions, including but not limited to, filing
of suit before the proper courts, disqualification from receiving any future grants from the K to
12 Transition Program against the LEAD HEI, among others.

ARTICLE V
NON-WAIVER

The failure of the CHED to insist upon the strict performance of any terms, conditions and
covenants hereof shall not be deemed a relinquishment or waiver of any subsequent breach or
default of such terms and conditions and covenants.

ARTICLE VI
ATTORNEY’S FEES

In the event of any suit against the CHED for the enforcement of any stipulation of this Agreement
or right under this Agreement is found baseless or inappropriate, the suing Party shall pay CHED
attorney’s fees which shall not be less than Fifty Thousand Philippine Pesos (PhP 50,000.00), in
addition to the other damages, expenses, costs of the suit.

ARTICLE VII
EFFECTIVITY OF THE AGREEMENT

This Agreement shall take effect immediately upon the issuance of the Notice to Proceed (NTP)
and the release of the grant funds to the LEAD HEI and shall be in effect for the approved period
of the Grant, unless further extension is requested in writing not later than ninety (90) days prior
to the expiration of the contract period. The said extension should be for a valid cause. The
approval for an extension does not entitle the LEAD HEI access to additional funds and any
additional expenses that may be incurred as a result of the extension shall be in the account of
the LEAD HEI.


ARTICLE VIII
LITIGATION AND VENUE

In the event judicial relief against any Party is filed by CHED before the regular courts, for the
enforcement of the terms and conditions in the Agreement, the guilty Party in addition to any other
damages and attorney’s fees that may be awarded by the court, agrees to pay ten percent (10%)
of the amount claimed but in no case less than Ten Thousand Pesos as liquidated damage, aside
from the costs of litigation and other expenses which the law entitles the aggrieved Party to
recover. The Parties agree that the venue of court action shall be exclusively in the proper courts
of Quezon City.

ARTICLE IX
EXECUTION IN COUNTERPARTS

This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an
original, but all of which together shall constitute one instrument.

ARTICLE X
SEPARABILITY CLAUSE

In the event that one or more provisions contained herein shall be held invalid, illegal or
unenforceable in any respect and for any reason, the remaining provisions shall remain valid,
legal and enforceable.

ARTICLE XI
DOCUMENTS COMPRISING THIS AGREEMENT

All appendices hereto attached and/or referred to, which are not inconsistent with the provisions
contained herein are hereby expressly made an integral part of this Memorandum of Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereunto have affixed their respective signatures this
day of 2020 at Quezon City, Philippines.

COMMISSION ON HIGHER EDUCATION UNIVERSITY OF SAN JOSE-RECOLETOS
CHED LEAD HEI

By: By:

J. PROSPERO E. DE VERA III, DPA

Chairperson President

