PASI shall be entitled to pursue any other legally permiussibic Terlet) 2a ee
such breach.

b. USJ-R will take all reasonable necessary steps to prevent disclosure of the technical or
commercial information and other matters and drawings or other materials, to others and will not
disclose the same to others without prior written consent from PASI.

C. PASI and USJ-R further agree that:

1. It is expressly understood that there will be no employer-employee relationship between PASI and the
student-trainees of USJ-R;

> Under no circumstances shall student-trainees of USJ -R, look to PASI as employer, partner or agent.
Neither student-trainees of USJ-R, shall be entitled to any benefits accorded to company’s employees,
such as worker’s compensation, vacation leave, among others except for the Training allowance. PASI
shall be responsible for providing, at its expense and in its name, licenses and permits usual or
necessary for conducting the training.

3. The student-trainees will be personally responsible for any and all liabilities for damage to property or
injury to third persons, which maybe occasioned by their intentional or negligent acts while in the
course of their training;

4 The student trainees and the USJ-R Program Coordinator shall abide with PAST rules and regulations
= and comply with those imposed under the program; otherwise they shall be excluded from further
participation:

5 PASI reserves the right to discontinue the on-the-job training of any student-trainee upon prior notice to
USJ-R;

6. USJ-R may pull out any student-trainee from the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM upon
prior written notice to PASE.

7 Before the student shall be allowed to undergo the on-the-job training under this contract, the student,
of legal age, shall execute a waiver renouncing and waiving any claim against PASI and USJR for any
personal injury or pecuniary loss that the students may sustain or suffer in the performance of their
duties and functions while under the on-the-job training. Meanwhile, if the student is not of legal age,
the said waiver should be signed by the student and parent or guardian. The waiver of the student-

trainees shall be submitted to PASI and USJR prior to the commencement of the training.

8 PASI reserves the right to discontinue the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM on material and
reasonable ground upon a receipt of (1 5)-day written notice to USJ-R.
a
9. That both parties shall exert all efforts necessary to achieve the objectives of this joint undertaking;

10. That neither of the parties shall be liable in any way for the failure to observe or perform any provision
of this agreement if such failure shall be caused by any law, rule or regulation of any constituted public
authority or shall be due to any cause beyond the control of the party in default.

11. Should there be any disputes which remain unresolved, USJ-R and PASI agree to seek relief in the
proper courts of Cebu City only.

D. Intellectual Property Rights

All rights in any data, information, specifications, records, reports, techniques, methodologies, and drawings
whether recorded on paper or in electronic form, and models, all resulting from performance of a project shall
be the property of PASI. Each trainee will assign copyright, patent rights and any other intellectual property
rights in the same to PASI and, at the cost of PASI, to do all acts and sign all documents necessary to vest or
more securely vest in PASI the intellectual property rights.

