.

PAASCU STANDARD ON LICENSURE EXAMINATION RESULTS

The performance of graduates in licensure examinations is one important indicator of the
quality of academic programs delivered by educational institutions. For PAASCU accredited
institutions, quality performance on licensure examinations means passing rates consistently at
par or above the national passing rates over a number of examinations. For the computation of
the school’s passing rates and the national passing rates, only first time takers will be
considered.

Below is the standard as regard licensure examination results:
institutions who are applying for a Candidate | Prior to the Preliminary Survey the
Status performance of first time takers in all
examinations during the last three (3) years
should be at least at par with or above the
| national passing rate.
Prior to the Formal Survey the performance
of first time takers in all examinations during
; the last three (3) years should be at least at
par with or above the national passing rate.
The passing rate of first time takers should be
consistently be at at least at par with or
above the national passing rate for the last
___| five (5) years.
Failure to comply with the above guidelines will lead to a decision not to grant the status
applied for. For institutions seeking a re-accreditation status, said status is deferred. The
deferral will be lifted once the performance of examinees in the future will be at least at par
with the national passing rate in two (2) consecutive years.

Institutions seeking Initial Accreditation

Institutions seeking Re-accreditation

Computation of the school’s passing rate:

Average Yearly Passing Rate = Number of Passers (First-Time Takers) for the year*

Total Number of First-Time Takers for the year

Computation of the national passing rate:

Average Yearly Passing Rate = Number of Passers (First-Time Takers) for the year**

Total Number of First-Time Takers for the year

*Regardiess of the Number of Exams in a Given Year

**Based on PRC ratings.
Board Approved: August 23, 2019

