Gniversity of San Jose — Recoletos
Cebu City
COLLEGE OF EDUCATION

Center of Excellence in Teacher Education Region VII
Cebu South Road, Basak Pardo, Cebu City

20 February 2020

DR. GREGG VICTOR GABISON
Dean, CICCT
University of San Jose — Recoletos

Dear Dr. Gabison:
Adelante greetings!

The College of Education of the University of San Jose — Recoletos is one in its institutional vision and
mission to deliver quality Christian community-oriented education. While we remain steadfast in
providing excellent and Christ-like individuals, we also would like to zoom in on research based
programs to ensure excellent teachers who stress the importance of producing nation-builders for their
future students. To help us in this endeavor, the college asks its students to conduct research-based
activities while immersing themselves in the teaching field.

With this, we, the fourth year students taking up Bachelor of Elementary Education Major in General
Education, would like to ask permission from your good office to conduct an interview to you with
regards with your perception of Robotics and Programming integration in K to 12 curriculum.

This is in partial attainment of our research entitled “Perceived Need of Robotics and Programming
Curriculum Integration in K to 12” which aims to (1) collate the different perceptions of different
school stakeholders to the implementation of Programming and Robotics in the K to 12 curriculum and |
(2) the possibility of integrating Robotics and Programming as a competency in the K to 12 curriculum.

We are hoping that you will grant our humble request to conduct the said interview on or in your most
convenient time. Rest assured that any data gathered will be treated with utmost confidentiality and the
school will not be put into a bad light.

We are looking forward for a positive response on this matter. If you have queries, please contact the
researchers at 09333174392 (Ann Dominique D. Binghay), 09452265402 (Kimberly Labucay),
09490662852 (Diane Cabase) and the COE Office at (032) 417-9512.

Thank you and God bless!

Respectfully Yours, Noted by: Endorsed by:

epresentative

