
POLICY ON THEFT AND DAMAGE OF PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

 University of San Jose-Recoletos as one of the premier educational institutions of the country is committed to produce graduates that are globally competent and can take on any sector of the society.  To be able to realize this commitment, USJ-R has provided its stake holders with state of the art equipment to aid in their learning process.  School buses are provided for educational trips and travel, to ferry and fetch them to athletics meets, and for community outreach programs as part of their modules.
The Property Administration Office being the purchaser and custodian of the university’s properties keeps tab, monitors, and makes inventory of all the equipment including what department, college, or office these equipment belong to and the cost of the acquisition.  
In order to keep up with the times and the current visual aids for students, USJ-R is always in the lookout for new technologies.
Since these equipment and properties are quite expensive, the users are expected to be extra careful in handling them. As motivation for carefulness, the following policies and guidelines are formulated to be strictly adhered to:
ON EQUIPMENT:
Laptops, cameras, laboratory equipment in Engineering and Chemistry Labs, and sound systems are a few of these equipment.
Any equipment owned by Colleges, Departments, and Offices used by faculty or staff must be handled with care. 
The Colleges, departments, and offices must see to it that the sticker tags are attached and untampered on the units before and after lending them.
The Colleges, Departments, and Offices must make their own list of the equipment in their custody with the date of acquisition and corresponding Serial number for easy monitoring, as well as the name of borrower, date borrowed, and date returned. This will aid in the yearly inventory of the PAO.
IN CASE OF DAMAGE OR THEFT:
There are times that even how careful a person may be, accidents and thefts happened. Although, these cases are avoidable, we cannot discount the unscrupulousness of others. So, to minimize damages and thefts through negligence, the following sanctions are imposed:

DAMAGE - In any damage whether accidental or through negligence, the unit has to be assessed and evaluated:
For PC computers and laptops - the IT technicians are the ones who will assess and evaluate the extent of the damage and make recommendations whether for:  repair, change of parts if irreparable, or replacement of unit.

For cameras and video equipment – since there is no skilled person in the university to repair these equipment, it has to be brought out to a Service Center. The college, department, or office must coordinate with the PAO for the repair. 

For Television and Sound System equipment – The assessor, who has the skill and capacity to repair these equipment, will do the assessing and evaluating of the damaged unit.  But in case the damage is beyond his capacity but can still be repaired, the PAO may bring the unit to the Service Center for repair.

For Engineering & Sciences Laboratories equipment – these are quite expensive and need professional and highly technical skills to restore any damage. The department may contact the supplier in coordination with the PAO for repair.

For Other kinds of equipment – for other equipment that is unique in the department such as, Kitchen equipment, especially if the Head was the one who did the transaction according to his specifications, the department must coordinate with the PAO for repair.

THEFT – in case of theft, the Safety and Security Department has the authority to investigate the incident; then, they will determine if the theft is a result of negligence or conspiracy.

SANCTIONS:

In case of lost, damaged and stolen items, the accountable person shall submit an incident report to the Office of the Property Administrator within 24 hours from the time the item is known missing/damaged.
Any damage to the equipment shall be investigated to determine whether it is accidental or negligence.
The cost of any damage to the equipment or property will be evaluated and determined by the assessor.
In cases where the cause of the damage is thru negligence, fifty percent (50%) of the cost shall be shouldered by the user/borrower.
If the damaged was caused by somebody other than the borrower, the same sanction applies; it is because the borrower has the moral liability since she/he is the borrower. It is up to them how to settle matter between them.
In case of theft, the user/borrower shall have the full responsibility of the equipment.
The PAO then shall determine the amount or the cost of the lost equipment based on the inventory listing.  Lost/damaged and stolen items must be replaced by the accountable person with an equally valued and similar function with that of the lost/damaged/stolen item. Current replacement cost shall mean the amount of money required to replace an asset with equal value and function at the current market price.

The accountable person may opt for a salary deduction up to three (3) months only. 

ON ROLLING EQUIPMENTS/VEHICLES	
One of the university’s objectives is to provide its stakeholders as well as the religious admin, faculty, and staff or any passenger for that matter with a safe, sound, and comfortable transportation service. For this reason, the PAO as the custodian made a preventive maintenance scheme for all vehicles as one of the safety measures.
	The drivers are reminded to be always extra careful in driving their unit. The following are the policies and guidelines to achieve safety service at all times:
The drivers are expected to check their vehicle unit from time to time.
If something is amiss with the vehicle, the driver should inform the PAO and the In-house Mechanic immediately.
The drivers are to clean their vehicle unit daily if possible.
As safety is the primary concern of the university, the drivers are expected to be careful in driving at all times.
During long distance trips, the drivers are expected to keep the vehicle safe from vandals or any unsavoury people especially in places without proper parking areas.
The drivers are expected to follow the destination in the reservation form; no diversion, change or addition of destination unless approved by the PAO.
SANCTIONS:
In case of accident involving other vehicle, police blotter report is to be done as the standard operating procedure.   The police report which includes the actual sketch of the incident will determine insurance claims after. If the fault lies on the USJ-R driver, the participation fee shall be shouldered by the said driver. 
Whether the damage is accidental or due to negligence that involved property within the perimeter of the campus, the damage shall be assessed and evaluated by the Campus Planning Office. The CPO may ask the supplier for a quotation of the damage but whatever is the cost, fifty percent (50%) of it shall be shouldered by the erring driver.

Whatever kind of damage there might be (e.g. error in refuelling) in the vehicle, the erring driver shall be liable for fifty percent (50%) of the cost. 

The accountable person may opt for a salary deduction up to three (3) months only. 

