EEE EEE ESS NOUT THE internship period;

5. Accomplish the necessary forms required by USJ-R in connection with the internship of the student-
trainees;

6. Issue certificate of completion to student-trainees who successfully finish their training under the
program;

8. Adopt and enforce rules that will govern the conduct of the program. Said rules shall be made known to
USJ-R and the student-trainees before the start of the training.

B. USJR shall:

|. Designate a Program Coordinator who will coordinate with ETCHWORKS regarding the various
activities/requirements under this program;

2. Pre-select and recommend Student who will undergo on-the-job training under the CORPORATE
INTERSHIP PROGRAM, it being understood that only students taking courses wherein on-the-job

training is an academic requirement for graduation will be recommended; :

Send the following student for on-the-job training from:

Laranjo, Frank Lou E.

Submit to the ETCHWORKS , the resume and all other documents required under this program, which
shall serve as the basis of the ETCHWORKS to screen, select and deploy specific students for Internship;

Go

4. Orient students about rules, proper attitudes, behavior and work ethics inside the internship site;

5. Monitor attendance, activities and performance of students during the internship program in the
ETCHWORKS;

attainment of advanced standing in the program throu gh regular interaction with the student-trainees and
regular visit to the internship site:

7. Undertake insurance policy to cover accidental j njuries to student-trainees.

8. Together with the parents concerned, USJ-R and the individual students, hold ETCHWORKS and »
claims or suit and shall forever defend ETCHWORKS and USJ-R from any such claim or
whatsoever in connection with this Memorandum of Agreement.

9. Agree to the obligations of confidentiality set out in details as follows:

a. All technical or commercial information, €.g., concerning the business of ETCHWORKS
disclosed or to be disclosed to USJ-R by or in behalf of ETCHWORKS in connection with this
agreement will be received and heldsin confidence by USJ-R and the student concerned unless

and until ETCHWORKS gives written approval for release of confidentiality;

b. USJ-R will take all reasonable hecessary steps to prevent disclosure of the technical or commercial
Information and other matters and drawings or other materials, to others and will not disclose the

! same to others without prior written consent from ETCHWORKS.
C. ETCHWORKS and USJ-R further agree that:

|. It is expressly understood that there will be no employer-employee relationship between ETCHWORKS
and the student-trainees of USJ-R:

Pe |

The student trainees and the USJ-R Program Coordinator shall abide with ETCHWORKS rules and

regulations and comply with those Imposed under the program; otherwise they shall be excluded from
further participation:

4. ETCHWORKS reserves the ri ght to discontinue the on-the-job training of any student-trainee upon prior
notice to USJ-R:

5. USJ-R may pull out any student-trainee from the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM upon prior
written notice to ETCHWORKS.

6. Together with families concerned, USJ-R and the individual faculty renounce and waive any claim
against ETCHWORKS for any injury that the trainees may sustain or loss that they might suffer,
personal or pecuniary, arising from the negligence in the performance of their duties and functions while
under training. The waivers of the trainees and their respective families shall indemnify ETCHWORKS
for payment, fines and damages incurred by the faculty-trainees and that ETCHWORKS shall be free
and blameless from any accident, negligence, loss or damage to ETCHWORKS, which is attributable
to the trainees. The waiver shall be submitted to ETCHWORKS prior to commencement of the training.
Hold both USJ-R and ETCHWORKS free from any obligation resulting to the instances mentioned.

7. The trainee shall hold ETCHWORKS and USJ-R free and harmless from any suits whatsoever in
connection with this memorandum.

7. ETCHWORKS reserves the right to discontinue the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM on
reasonable grounds upon a receipt of (1 5)-day written notice to USJ-R.

8. That both parties shall exert all efforts necessary to achieve the objectives of this joint undertaking;

9. That neither of the parties shall be liable in any way for the failure to observe or perform any provision x
of this Agreement if such failure shall be caused by any law, rule or regulation of any constituted public
authority or shall be due to any cause beyond the control of the party in default. RN

D. Intellectual Property Rights

All rights in any data, information, specifications, records, reports, techniques, methodologies, and drawings
whether recorded on paper or in electronic form, and models, all resulting from performance of a project shall be
the property of ETCHWORKS. Each trainee will assign copyright, patent rights and any other intellectual
property rights in the same to ETCHWORKS and, at the cost of ETCHWORKS, to do all acts and sign all
documents necessary to vest or more securely vest in ETCHWORKS the intellectual! property rights.

E. Duration

This agreement shall take effect immediately upon signing hereof and shall continue thereafter, provide
however, that any provision of this agreement may be amended by after a fifteen (15)-day written notice and
consent by both parties, herein and provided further that ETCHWORKS or USJ-R reserves the ri ght to withdraw
its participation in the Agreement upon thirty (30)-day written notice.

