


OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT



TO:		All Concerned						DATE:	May 27, 2020

THROUGH:	The Deans, Directors, Principals, and Office Heads

SUBJECT:	Work From Home Policy


The University is implementing a Work from Home (WFH) Policy to allow eligible employees to work from an appropriate alternative workplace, subject to the following conditions:


Eligibility:  This Policy covers employees who have internet connectivity or whose functions qualify them to have WFH.  It is advised that all employees shall confer with their immediate heads about responsibilities and obligations during the remote work period. For employees with connectivity issues or who do not qualify for WFH, the head shall give the employee concerned a hybrid work arrangement/scheme.

Designated Workspace:  It is the responsibility of the employee to designate an alternative workplace or a remote workspace, which is typically a space in the employee’s home where he/she can work during this pandemic. If, while working from a designated workspace, the employee experiences technical issues with his or her computer or internet access that prevent him/her from working remotely, the employee must notify his or her head immediately. 

Employees working from a designated workspace will be expected to attend all essential meetings via video conference or by phone or any online platform.

Rules and Policies:	The University’s policies, rules and regulations including those outlined in the Faculty or Office Professional (OPS) Manual, apply while working from a designated workspace. These policies include, but are not limited to, attendance, confidentiality, and policies prohibiting harassment (RA 7877 or the “Anti-Sexual Harassment Act of 1995” and R.A. No. 11313 or the “Safe Spaces Act”).  Furthermore, the employees are reminded to strictly adhere to the rules and ethics of social media.  Any violation of the rules and regulations may subject the employee to the sanctions provided in the Faculty or OPS Manual.  

Designated Work Time:  Employees must follow their regular assigned work schedule, unless otherwise discussed with and approved by the employee’s immediate head. 

Time Keeping:     Employees shall be required to record hours worked (Monday to Friday 8:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and 2:00p.m. to 5:30p.m. and Saturday 8:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon) and submit time records to their immediate head who will forward the same to the Human Resource Management Office (HRMO).  The usual procedures in the application for sick leave, vacation, or other leave credits must be adhered to.

Accomplishment Reports:  For monitoring purposes, the Deans, Principals, Directors and Office heads are required to submit the accomplishment reports of their personnel to the HRMO on Monday of every week. 

Fair Treatment:  The University shall ensure that employees are given the same treatment as that of comparable employees working at the school premises.  All employees shall be covered by the same set of applicable policies, rules and regulations.  

Data Privacy:  Employees are reminded that they must strictly observe confidentiality.  Standards are in place to protect personal information and to promote safety and security.  The University adheres to the provisions of its Data Privacy Policy based on R.A. No. 10173 or the “Data Privacy Law” and its Implementing Rules and Regulations.  

The University shall adopt the following security measures to ensure privacy of personal information while personnel in charge of them are on WFH:

Access and use of personal data of students and employees shall be limited to authorized offices only.

A member of the Data Privacy Committee (DPC) of the University shall be assigned to closely monitor for possible breaches that may occur online.  The assigned DPC member shall submit a report immediately through a google form to the Data Privacy Officer (DPO) within 15 hours for the committee to convene right away and address the concern.

Support Mechanism:     The University shall ensure that employees are afforded the following support initiatives and mechanisms:

Psychological interventions like pre-conditioning, counselling and consultation;

Reasonable expenses incurred during the WFH may be defrayed subject to accounting and liquidation guidelines;

Periodic review:   This Policy shall be subject to review based on the needs of existing conditions.

Notice:  The University shall submit copy of this Policy to the nearest DOLE field office.    

Effectivity:	The WFH arrangement shall take effect retroactively on the date of the implementation of the Enhanced Community Quarantine (ECQ) and shall be in force until the public health emergency has been liftedand subject to the pronouncements of the City Government and/or appropriate government agencies.


Please be guided accordingly.  Thank you for your cooperation.  Keep safe!


							
							
							REV. FR. CRISTOPHER C. MASPARA, OAR
							University President


