5. Accomplish the necessary forms required by USJ-R in connection with the internship of the student-
trainees;
6. Issue certificate of completion to student-trainees who successfully finish their training under the
program; :
7. Adopt and enforce rules that will govern the conduct of the program. Said rules shall be made known to
USJ-R and the student-trainees before the start of the training.
B. USJR shall:

1. Designate a Program Coordinator who will coordinate with DNI regarding the various

4.

a

6.

activities/requirements under this program;

Pre-select and recommend student who will undergo on-the-job training under the CORPORATE
INTERSHIP PROGRAM, it being understood that only students taking courses wherein on-the-job
training is an academic requirement for graduation will be recommended;

Send the following student for on-the-job training from:
Start Date Date End

Course/Y ear Days/Time

eoaeransossenaayyppoosoereare

1. Gimenez, Kent A. BSIT -—4 MTWTHE - 8:00am — 12:00pm
| MTWTHEF - 1:00pm — 5:00pm

. Submit to DNI, the resume and all other documents required under this program, which shall serve as the

basis of DNI to screen, select and deploy specific students for Internship;

Orient students about rules, proper attitudes, behavior and work ethics inside the internship site;

Monitor attendance, activities and performance of students during the internship program in DNI;

Monitor compatibility of job circumstances with the internship course requirements for the student’s

attainment of advanced standing in the program through regular interaction with the student-trainees and
regular visit to the internship site;

. Undertake insurance policy to cover accidental injuries to student-trainees.

. Together with the parents concerned, USJ-R and the individual students, hold DNI and USJ-R free from

any claims or suit and shall forever defend DNI and USJ-R from any such claim or suit whatsoever in
connection with this Memorandum of Agreement. |

. Agree to the obligations of confidentiality set out in details as follows:

a. All technical or commercial information, e.g., concerning the business of DNI disclosed or to be
disclosed to USJ-R by or in behalf of DNI in connection with this agreement will be received
and held in confidence by USJ-R and the student concerned unless and until DNI gives written
approval for release of confidentiality; ~

b. USJ-R will take all reasonable necessary steps to prevent disclosure of the technical or commercial
information and other matters and drawings or other materials, to others and will not disclose the
same to others without prior written consent from DNI.

D> Gx

‘t Is expressly understood that there wil] be no employer-employee relationship between DNI and the
student-trainees of USJ-R; 3

2. Under no circumstances shall student-trainees of USJ-R, look to DNI as employer, partner or agent.
Neither student-trainees of USJ-R, shall be entitled to any benefits accorded to company’s employees,
such as worker’s compensation, vacation leave, among others. DNI shall be responsible for providing, at
its expense and in its name, licenses and permits usual or necessary for conducting the training.

of their training;

4. The student trainees and the USJ-R Program Coordinator shall abide with DNI rules and regulations and
comply with those imposed under the Program; otherwise they shall be excluded from further
participation:

5. DNI reserves the ri ght to discontinue the on-the-job training of any student-trainee upon prior notice to
USJ-R;

6. USJ-R may pull out any student-trainee from the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM upon prior
written notice to DNL.

7. Before the student shall be allowed to undergo the on-the-job training under this contract, the student, of
legal age, shall execute a waiver renouncing and waiving any claim against DNI and USJR for any
personal injury or pecuniary loss that the students may sustain or suffer in the performance of their duties
and functions while under the on-the-job training. Meanwhile, if the student is not of legal age, the said
waiver should be signed by the student and parent or guardian. The waiver of the student-trainees shall
be submitted to DNI and USJR prior to the commencement of the training.

8. The trainee shall hold DNI and USJ-R free and harmless from any suits whatsoever in connection with
this memorandum.

9. DNI reserves the right to discontinue the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM on materia} and
reasonable ground upon a receipt of (15)-day written notice to USJ-R.

10. That both parties shall exert all efforts necessary to achieve the objectives of this joint undertaking;

11. That neither of the parties shall be liable in any way for the failure to observe or perform any provision
of this agreement if such failure shall be caused by any law, rule or regulation of any constituted public
authority or shall be due to any cause beyond the control of the party in default.

12. Should there be any disputes which remain unresolved, USJ-R and DNI agree to seek relief in the proper
courts of Cebu City only.

D. Intellectual Property Rights

All rights in any data, information, specifications, records, reports, techniques, methodologies, and drawings
whether recorded on paper or in electronic form, ‘and models, all resulting from performance of a project shall be
the property of DNI. Each trainee will assign copyright, patent rights and any other intellectual property rights
in the same to DNI and, at the cost of DN , to do all acts and sign all documents necessary to vest or more securely
vest in DNI the intellectual] property rights. wy

E. Duration

This agreement shall take effect immediately upon signing hereof and shall continue thereafter, provided,
however, that any provision of this agreement may be amended by after a fifteen (15)-day written notice and

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereof have Signed this Agreement on this Aas; af

In

,
M4


