Cg %,

1. NATURE

1.1 The University Partnership Agreement shall set grounds and guidelines for

» the partnership between both parties. Any revisions made to the provisions of this

Agreement shall be in writing and must be discussed, reviewed, and mutually agreed
upon by parties before the amendment.

'

Abe

2. DURATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP

2.1 The partnership shall take effect from September 27, 2022, until September
27, 2025, provided that any revisions of the provisions of this Agreement or any
additional provisions to this Agreement shall be amended by the written consent of both
parties. Both parties have the right to terminate the partnership agreement through a
written notice at least 30 days (1 month) prior to the effective date of termination.

3. PROGRAMS

The Company and the University shall undertake to collaborate and participate
in the following activities and programs that will contribute to the accomplishment of
the goals and objectives of the partnership.

3.1 Internship Program

The Company’s internship program generally matches the requirements and
policies of the University for their practicum/on-the-job training (OJT)/internship
course and is open for applications all year round. However, the Company’s internship
program is tailored to cover a minimum of 300 hours of in-depth training for software
engineering. There shall be a separate Internship Agreement between the student of
the University and the Company wherein provisions outline the nature and duration of
the program, as well as the benefits the student will be receiving and the policies the
student needs to comply with.

There is no employer-employee relationship between the Company and the intern
for this internship program. Furthermore, the Company is not_obligated to hire the
intern for full-time employment. The Company has the discretion to, offer full-time
employment to the intern based on the intern’s performance evaluation.

3.2 Fast Track Program

Upon the discretion of the Company, student interns who have successfully
completed the internship program with the Company may be offered a full-time regular
job opportunity, with a continuation of their training for software development
prior to deployment to projects and clients. The training period will already be
considered their probationary period as full-time employees. After the dissemination of
the offer letter, the student intern will have the Fast Track Offer Discussion with the
Company’s University Relations Coordinator for proper orientation and signing of the
offer letter. A Fast Track Employment Contract will be given to the qualified intern on
his/her Day 1 as an employee of the Company. The signed contract officially initiates
the employer-employee relationship between the Company and the former student
intern. Thereafter, the University shall no longer be privy to the employment contract
and shall be relieved of any liability.

The Company has the discretion to offer full-time employment opportunities with
training under the Fast Track Program to graduating students or fresh graduates of
the Partner University who have shown exceptional technical assessment results and
feedback. The recommendations from the representative(s) of the Partner University will
help the Company identify valuable talents.

Anh __

sc by

3.3 Scholarship Program

The Company’s scholarship program is also open to applicants all year round,
preferably third-year or fourth-year level college students studying a tech related
degree program (e.g. Bachelor of Science in Information Technology, Bachelor of
Science in Computer Science, Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering).
Recommendations from the representative(s) of the Partner University will help the
Company identify valuable talents. This scholarship program aims to award an
outstanding student with educational aid, graduation award, equipment, and full-time
employment after graduation provided that they maintain a good academic standing
without any failing grades. This full-time employment shall have a bonded contract
that depends on the length of the scholarship coverage. A separate Scholarship
Agreement shall be discussed and reviewed by the Company and the representatives of
the Partner University.

3.4 Career Fairs

The Company and the Partner University shall work together in Career Fairs
organized by either party.

3.5 Speaking Engagements

The University shall inform the Company and its representatives if they would
like to invite a speaker for their program or event. The Partner University shall send
a formal invitation for the event at least 14 days before the actual event. Further
guidelines are outlined in Par. 5 (Duties and Responsibilities of she Partner University).

me

3.6 Industry Training and Consultations —

The Company shall collaborate with the Partner University for possible training
or Faculty Immersion programs for its faculty members, especially those who would like
to gain firsthand experience in the industry. In addition, the Partner University can
consult the Company for industry-related recommendations or review of their current
educational curriculum, and accordingly, the Company shall be open to participate in
these consultations and provide the necessary support (e.g. in-cash, in-kind, in-service)
to the Partner University.

3.7 Expert Educators

To further bridge the gap between the University’s educational curriculum and
the industry’s current business trends, the Company may deploy its competent
employees to serve as educators and offer courses (i.e. core or elective courses) upon the
Partner University’s request. The Company shall have the right to select the employees
to be deployed to teach for the said course and shall ensure that these employees adhere
to the policies set by the Partner University and the Company. Further details about this
arrangement will be outlined in a separate Agreement mutually agreed upon by both

parties.

MOM

4.12 Acknowledge in the form of written communication or receipts any material
or goods sent by the Partner University;

4.13 Send the sponsorship or donation (in cash or in kind) to the University in the
timeframe specified;

4.14 Identify and deploy speakers, panelists, judges, as requested by the Partner
University and provide the short biography or list of credentials of such
personnel to the Partner University;

4.15 Provide guidance and consultation services to the Partner University should
the Partner University need professional advice from its industry training
partners;

4.16 Make available to the Partner University any necessary documents as
identified during the course of the university-related programs, activities,
and events.

5. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE PARTNER UNIVERSITY
The Partner University shall:

5.1 Include the Company in the list of industry partners for the internship and
scholarship programs which will then be made available for the students’
perusal;

5.2 Inform and orient the Company of its processes and ngcessary documents (e.g.
Memorandum of Agreement) for compliance in regard to:the University’s
internship program /course; a Dh :

5.3 Review and provide feedback to the Company regarding its Internship Training
Plan andthe Internship program;

5.4 Provide guidance to the Company on the performance evaluation of the
student interns of the Company;

5.5 Guide and monitor the student intern, scholar, or faculty member in their
collaboration with the Company for the benefits they are receiving;

5.6 Identify and pre-qualify students who are suitable for the programs of the
Company such as internship, Fast Track, and scholarship programs, and
then submit a list to the Company before the start of the new academic year;

5.7 Connect the Company with the University’s proper channels of
communication in regard to different student activities and programs that
the Company will be participating or organizing;

5.8 Send a formal invitation letter through electronic mail (e-mail) or printed
letter to the Company when the University or department is in need of a

a

me (

speaker or an authorized representative for a student program or event at
least 14 days before the event proper regardless whether it is virtual or
onsite, stating the theme, duration of the talk, rationale of the event, and
other important details pertaining to the event; and should the University
wish to invite the Company’s U.S.A.-based founders and leaders for becoming
speaker(s) at an event, the University should make the formal invitation in
at least 90 days if the said event is virtual and at least 120 days if the event
is onsite / face-to-face;

5.9 Send a formal invitation letter through electronic mail (e-mail) or printed
letter to the Company when the University or department is in need of
sponsorship of their event at least 14 days prior to the event proper, stating
the theme of the event, activities, type of sponsorship needed, sponsorship
packages (if any), and other important details pertaining to the event;

5.10 Receive and acknowledge donations and sponsorship amounts by signing the
Company’s acknowledgment receipt;

5.11 Provide both soft copy and a physical copy of the certificates of participation
or appreciation to the invited employees of the Company as a judge, speaker,
etc, and award these certificates during the event proper;

9.12 Follow the guidelines in the usage of the Company’s logos and other forms of
media, materials, and properties for marketing purposes;

5.13 Schedule and meet with the Company either virtually or face-to-face for the

enhancement of the Company’s university-related programs and activities;
#

5.14 Provide essential information, documents, and guidance to the Company as
needed for the enhancement of the Company’s university-related programs
and activities.

6. NON-DISCLOSURE AND CONFIDENTIALITY

The Parties hereby acknowledge that any information or material that they have
or will acquire, in connection with or relative to the clients, business operations or
activities, its intellectual property rights, trade or business secrets, operations or
processes are considered the exclusive proprietary information of each of the Party who
owns the same, and the Parties shall not make any unauthorized disclosure,
reproduction or use of the same, nor transfer this information to another person or
entity, during or after the duration of this Agreement.

The Parties shall not, without prior written permission of the Company, disclose
to anyone any information or material, which party may have received or acquired by
reason of the of this Agreement or for any transactions with the other party, its affiliates,
subsidiaries, business partners, agents, employees or clients.

At the end of the partnership, or at any time during the partnership when directed
by the Company, the Partner University will return all properties of the Company, its
affiliates, and subsidiaries, business partners, or vendors in the Partner University’s
possession including all confidential information, data or material.

Are gl. —~

Parties agree to comply and abide by the Republic Act No. 10173 otherwise known
as the Data Privacy Act. Parties shall be responsible for the consent and waiver of any
personal and sensitive personal information, its use, storage and deletion. Parties shall
hold each other free from any liability in case of breach of the Data Privacy Act.

This Non-Disclosure Agreement shall survive the termination of the Partner
University’s engagement with the Company and after the Partner University’s separation
therefrom for any cause whatsoever.

7. BREACH OF CONTRACT

Any violation of the above undertakings shall constitute a breach of contract and
entitle the Company to recover from the Partner University any actual and compensatory
damages, in addition to any other rights or remedies available to the COMPANY, under
the law or this contract.

8. DATA PRIVACY

Collection and processing of personal information pursuant to, in the course of
or in connection with this Agreement shall be in accordance with the Data Privacy Act
of 2012 (Republic Act No. 10172) and its implementing rules and regulations.

The Parties shall adopt the general data privacy and data sharing principles
declared in the Data Privacy Act of 2012 and its Implementing Rules and Regulations,
and adhere to the principles of transparency, legitimate purpose, and proportionality in
the processing of personal data under this Agreement.

9. DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND VENUE 2a

4

In case of dispute, the parties will try to settle it amicably before resorting to other
legal remedies. Exclusive jurisdiction and venue of suits arising from this agreement
shall be with the courts of the City of Cebu to the exclusion of other courts or tribunals.

10. AMENDATORY CLAUSE
This Agreement may be amended with the mutual written consent of both parties.
11. EFFECTIVITY CLAUSE

This Agreement shall take effect upon signing by the parties to this Agreement
and shall remain in force unless any of the parties withdraws or pre-terminates this
Agreement through written notice 30 days prior to the intended date of termination.

This Agreement supersedes the previously executed Internship Agreement
between the Company and the Partner University if any.

And

oe

2. The Parties share a common vision and goal of improving skills and training
Students deployed as interns/on-the-job-trainees (“OJT”) to better prepare them
for employment.

3. The Parties enter into this MOA to combine their respective strengths in
complementing each other, by inter alia, setting out the responsibilities of each
Party, and defining the areas of cooperation.

IMPLEMENTATION AND RESPONSIBILITY OF THE PARTIES

A. USJR shall provide the following services and participation without any financial
obligation from the Industry Partner.

1,

Refer students and/or alumni to Industry Partner who wish to look for jobs,
taking into account the Industry Partner's job specifications;

. Provide a venue in USJ-R where the Industry Partner can recruit (face-to-face

or virtual);

. Refer students to the Industry Partner for possible short-term or long-term

internship/OJT, taking into account the candidates’ qualifications, and the
Industry Partner's requirements;

. Upon request of the Industry Partner, provide a list of graduates for possible

employment with the Industry Partner, subject to the Data Privacy Act of
2012. The said list must not be shared with a person who is not a party to
this Agreement;

. Tap the Industry Partner as a potential resource incareer-related activities

such as career talks, webinars, and other-collaborative learning activities;


6. Provide USJ-R with a copy of the school’s Corporate Profile, photocopy of
the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) registration certificate,
Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR) certificate, including certification of
accrediting bodies/organizations, and the like for reference purposes.

7. Finally, the Industry Partner commits not to solicit, recruit or hire, or
otherwise assist anyone in soliciting, recruiting, or hiring any employee or
independent contractor of USJ-R within the period that the MOA is in
effect or any extension thereof.

MISCELLANEOUS

Due Diligence

The Industry Partner shall be responsible in ensuring and maintaining a safe
workplace and respectful learning environment for interns;

The students shall exercise due diligence and care in handling company equipment,
materials, resources, or any other property of the Industry Partner which they may
handle or use in connection with their internship. For this purpose; WSJ-R shall ensure
that the students are properly briefed, reminded, and advised on the proper handling
and use of the same;

The students shall be personally liable for any cost, loss, damages, liability, or expense
which may arise out of their performance of services to the Industry Partner;

USJ-R shall not be liable for any cost, loss, damages, liability, or expense, which may
arise out of the students’ performance of services to the Industry Partner;

and

The Parties agree to release and hold harmless each other and their respective
Officers, Board of Directors, and employees, from all claims, actions, causes of action,
suits, judgments, and demands of any third-party individual or organizations.

Both Parties shall ensure confidentiality of records/ personal information in reference to
Republic Act No. 10173 also known as “Data Privacy Act of 2012, its Implementing
Rules and Regulations, related issuances and applicable laws”. These records shall
only be used for placement and training purposes alone. The Parties agree at all times
during and after the terms of this MOA, to keep in strictest physical, organizational, and
technical measures and to take all reasonable precautions to prevent its disclosure or
misuse. Parties and any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, and
representatives shall hold all Confidential and Personal Information disclosed to it by
reason of this MOA confidential and private and shall not disclose anv such information

to any party subject to legal obligations and applicable laws. Parties agree not to use
Confidential and Personal Information for any purposes whatsoever other than for the
provision of this MOA.

t

Ay

Relationship

For internships, it is expressly understood that there will be no employer-employee
relationship between the Industry Partner and the interns/OJT from USJ-R. No intern/
OJT may be hired as a full-time employee of the Industry Partner during the duration of
the internship.

In the event that the students apply for part-time work apart from the activities covered
under this Agreement, an employer-employee relationship with the Industry Partner may
commence in accordance with existing laws. The Industry Partner shall ensure strict
compliance with applicable labor laws and regulations.

NOTICES AND POINTS OF CONTACT

For any communication between the Parties, and to ensure the efficient implementation
of this MOA, the following shall be the points of contact:

For USJ-R

Name DR. JOVELYN C. CUIZON

Designation Dean, School of Computer Studies _Z
Email jcc@usjr.edu.ph ee

Contact Info (032)2684171 .

For Industry Partner

Name JAPETH LAHAYLAHAY
Designation Senior Team Lead — Software Development
Email redwin1823@gmail.com

Contact Info

EFFECTIVE DATE, DURATION, AMENDMENTS, AND TERMINATION

This MOA shall take effect immediately upon signing hereof and shall remain in force for
the period of one (1) year commencing from the signing of the MOA. Each party
reserves the right to pre-terminate the Agreement with or without cause, subject to thirty
(30 days) prior written notice. This MOA shall be renewable upon mutual agreement of
the Parties.

The laws of the Republic of the Philippines shall govern this Agreement.

Any amendment to this MOA shall be in writing, and signed by the Parties herein.

