UW

accomplish the necessary lorms required by USJ-R in connection with the internship of the student-
trainees:

6. Issue certificate of completion to student-trainees who successfully finish their training under the
program;

7. Adopt and enforce rules that will govern the conduct of the program. Said rules shall be made known to
USJ-R and the student-trainees before the start of the training.
B. USJR shall:

I. Designate a Program Coordinator who will coordinate with RED TRIDENT GAMES regarding the
various activities/requirements under this program;

2. Pre-select and recommend student who will undergo on-the-job training under the CORPORATE
INTERSHIP PROGRAM, it being understood that only students taking courses wherein on-the-job
training is an academic requirement for graduation will be recommended;

Send the following student for on-the-job training from:

Start Date | Date End

2018 = , 2019

Intern’s Name Course/Y ear Days/Time

1. Janine Semprun MTWTHEF - 8:00am — 12:00pm
MTWTHF - 1:00pm — 5:00pm

3. Submit to RED TRIDENT GAMES, the resume and all other documents required under this program,
which shall serve as the basis of RED TRIDENT GAMES to screen, select and deploy specific students
for Internship;

4. Orient students about rules, proper attitudes, behavior and work ethics inside the internship site;

5. Monitor attendance, activities and performance of students during the internship program in RED
TRIDENT GAMES;

6. Monitor compatibility of job circumstances with the internship course requirements for the student’s
attainment of advanced standing in the program through regular interaction with the student-trainees and
regular visit to the internship site;

7. Undertake insurance policy to cover accidental injuries to student-trainees.

8. Together with the parents concerned, USJ-R and the individual students, hold RED TRIDENT GAMES
and USJ-R free from any claims or suit and shall forever defend RED TRIDENT GAMES and USJ-R
from any such claim or suit whatsoever in connection with this Memorandum of Agreement.

9. Agree to the obligations of confidentiality set out in details as follows:
a. All technical or commercial information, e.g., concerning the business of RED TRIDENT
GAMES disclosed or to be disclosed to USJ-R by or in behalf of RED TRIDENT GAMES in
connection with this agreement will be received and held in confidence by USJ-R and the student
concerned unless and until RED TRIDENT GAMES gives written approval for release of
confidentiality;
b. USJ-R will take all reasonable necessary steps to prevent disclosure of the technical or commercial
information and other matters and drawings or other materials, to others and will not disclose the
same to others without prior written consent from RED TRIDENT GAMES.

C. RED TRIDENT GAMES and USJ-R further agree that:

l. Itis expressly understood that there will be no employer-employee relationship between RED TRIDENT
GAMES and the Student-trainees of USJ-R;

2. Under no circumstances Shall Student-trainees of USJ-R, look to RED TRIDENT GAMES as employer,
Partner or agent. Neither Student-trainees of USJ-R, shall be entitled to any benefits accorded to
company’s employees, such as worker’s compensation, vacation leave, and among others. RED
TRIDENT GAMES Shall be responsible for providing, at its expense and in its name, licenses and
permits usual or necessary for conducting the training.

injury to third persons, which maybe occasioned by their intentional or negligent acts while in the course
of their training;

4. The student trainees and the USJ-R Program Coordinator Shall abide with RED TRIDENT GAMES
rules and regulations and comply with those imposed under the program; otherwise they shall be excluded
from further participation:

5. RED TRIDENT GAMES reserves the right to discontinue the on-the-job training of any Student-trainee
upon prior notice to US] -R;

6. USJ-R may pull out any student-trainee from the CORPORATE IN TERSHIP PROGRAM upon prior
written notice to RED TRIDENT GAMES.

7. Before the student shall be allowed to undergo the on-the-job training under this contract, the student, of

legal age, shall execute a waiver renouncing and waiving any claim against RED TRIDEN T GAMES
and USJR for any personal injury or pecuniary loss that the students may sustain or suffer in the
performance of their duties and functions while under the on-the-job training. Meanwhile if the student

10. That both Parties shall exert al] efforts necessary to achieve the objectives of this joint undertaking:

11. That neither of the parties shall be liable in any way for the failure to observe or perform any provision

12. Should there be any disputes which remain unresolved, USJ-R and RED TRIDENT GAMES agree to
seek relief in the Proper courts of Ceby C

ity only.

D. Intellectual Property Rights , hee

All rights in any data, information, specifications, records, reports, techniques, methodologies, and drawings
whether recorded on Paper or in electronic form, and models, all resulting from performance of a Project shall be
the property of RED TRIDENT GAMES. Each trainee wil] assign copyright, patent rights and any other
intellectual Property rights in the same to RED TRIDENT GAMES and, at the cost of RED TRIDENT
GAMES, to do all acts and sign all documents necessary to vest or more securely vest in RED TRIDENT
GAMES the intellectual property rights.

E. Duration

\
»

