C. WESERV and USJ-R further agree that:

3

10.

There will be no employer-employee relationship between WESERV and the student-trainees of USJ-
R.

Under no circumstances shall student-trainees of USJ-R, look to WESERV as employer, partner or agent.
Neither student-trainees of USJ-R, shall be entitled to any benefits accorded to company’s employees,
such as worker’s compensation, vacation leave and among others. WESERV shall be responsible for
providing, at 1ts expense and in its name, licenses and permits usual or necessary for conducting the
training.

The student-trainees will be personally responsible for any and all liabilities for damage to property or
injury to third persons, which maybe occasioned by their intentional or negligent acts while in the course
of their training.

The student trainees and the USJ-R Program Coordinator shall abide with WESERV rules and
regulations and comply with those imposed under the program; otherwise they shall be excluded from
further participation.

WESERYV reserves the right to discontinue the on-the-job training of any student-trainee upon prior
notice to USJ-R.

USJ-R may pull out any student-trainee from the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM by giving
thirty-day written notice to WESERV.

Before the student shall be allowed to undergo the on-the-job training under this contract, the student, of
legal age, shall execute a waiver renouncing and waiving any claim against WESERV and USJR for
any personal injury or pecuniary loss that the students may sustain or suffer in the performance of their
duties and functions while under the on-the-job training. Meanwhile, if the student is not of legal age, the
said waiver should be signed by the student and parent or guardian. The waiver of the student-trainees
shall be submitted to WESERV and USJR prior to the commencement of the training.

The trainee shall hold WESERV and USJ-R free and harmless from any suits whatsoever in connection
with this memorandum.

WESERYV reserves the right to discontinue the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM for any
reason whatsoever after sending a fifteen-day (15) written notice to USJ-R

Both parties shall exert all efforts necessary to achieve the objectives of this joint undertaking.

. Neither of the parties shall be liable in any way for the failure to observe or perform any provision of this

agreement if such failure shall be caused by any law, rule or regulation of any constituted public authority
or shall be due to any cause beyond the control of the party in default.

. Should there be any disputes which remain unresolved, USJ-R and WESERV agree to seek relief in the

proper courts of Cebu City only.

P

Page 3 of 6

Pare

f-
i

Wats,
Ae Reds
so

A. *

Ween

fa

