5. Provide safety instruction throughout the internship period;

6. Accomplish the necessary forms required by USJ-R in connection with the internship of the student-
trainees;

7. Issue certificate of completion to student-trainees who successfully finish their training under the
program;

8. Adopt and enforce rules that will govern the conduct of the program. Said rules shall be made known to
USJ-R and the student-trainees before the start of the training.

B. USJR shall:

1. Designate a Program Coordinator who will coordinate with ARIELUS regarding the various
activities/requirements under this program;

2. Pre-select and recommend student who will undergo on-the-job training under the CORPORATE
INTERSHIP PROGRAM, it being understood that only students taking courses wherein on-the-job

training is an academic requirement for graduation will be recommended;

Send the following student for on-the-job training from:

Start Date Date End

Nov 2mber S$, 2018 4 21 ,2019

Kristina Paula Navarro , : MTWTHE - 8:00am — 12:00pm
MTWTHE - 1:00pm — 5:00pm

oS)

Submit to ARIELUS, the resume and all other documents required under this program, which shall serve
as the basis of ARIELUS to screen, select and deploy specific students for Internship;

4. Orient students about rules, proper attitudes, behavior and work ethics inside the internship site;
5. Monitor attendance, activities and performance of students during the internship program in ARIELUS;

6. Monitor compatibility of job circumstances with the internship course requirements for the student’s
attainment of advanced standing in the program through regular interaction with the student-trainees and
regular visit to the internship site;

7. Undertake insurance policy to cover accidental injuries to student-trainees.

8. Together with the parents concerned, USJ-R and the individual students, hold ARIELUS and USJ-R free
from any claims or suit and shall forever defend ARIELUS and USJ-R from any such claim or suit
whatsoever in connection with this Memorandum of Agreement. :

9. Agree to the obligations of confidentiality set out in details as follows:

a. All technical or commercial information, e.g., concerning the business of ARIELUS disclosed
or to be disclosed to USJ-R by or in behalf of ARIELUS in connection with this agreement will
be received and held in confidence by USJ-R and the student concerned unless and until
ARIELUS gives written approval for release of confidentiality;

b. USJ-R will take all reasonable necessary steps to prevent disclosure of the technical or commercial
information and other matters and drawings or other materials, to others and will not disclose the
same to others without prior written consent from ARIELUS.

Bas

a: ani

C. ARIELUS and USJ-R further agree that:

|. It is expressly understood that there will be no employer-employee relationship between ARIELUS and
the student-trainees of USJ -R;

2. Under no circumstances shall student-trainees of USJ-R, look to ARIELUS as employer, partner or
agent. Neither student-trainees of USJ-R, shall be entitled to any benefits accorded to company’s
employees, such as worker’s compensation, vacation leave, among others except for the Training
allowance equivalent to seventy five percent of the minimum wage as agreed in this contract. ARIELUS
shall be responsible for providing, at its expense and in its name, licenses and permits usual or necessary
for conducting the training.

3. The student-trainees will be personally responsible for any and all liabilities for damage to property or
injury to third persons, which maybe occasioned by their intentional or negligent acts while in the course
of their training:

4. The student trainees and the USJ-R Program Coordinator shall abide with ARIELUS rules and

regulations and comply with those imposed under the program: otherwise they shall be excluded from
further participation:

5S. ARTELUS reserves the right to discontinue the on-the-job training of any student-trainee upon prior
notice to USJ-R;

6. USJ-R may pull out any student-trainee from the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM upon prior
written notice to ARIELUS.

7. Before the student shall be allowed to undergo the on-the-job training under this contract, the student, of
legal age, shall execute a waiver renouncing and waiving any claim against ARIELUS and USJR for
any personal injury or pecuniary loss that the students may sustain or suffer in the performance of their
duties and functions while under the on-the-job training. Meanwhile, if the student is not of legal age,
the said waiver should be signed by the student and parent or guardian. The waiver of the student-
trainees shall be submitted to ARIELUS and USJR prior to the commencement of the training.

8. The trainee shall hold ARIELUS and USJ -R free and harmless from any suits whatsoever in connection
with this memorandum.

9. ARIELUS reserves the ri ght to discontinue the CORPORATE IN TERSHIP PROGRAM on material
and reasonable ground upon a receipt of (15)-day written notice to USJ-R.

10. That both parties shall exert all efforts necessary to achieve the objectives of this joint undertaking;

11. That neither of the parties shall be liable in any way for the failure to observe or perform any provision
of this agreement if such failure shall be caused by any law, rule or regulation of any constituted public
authority or shall be due to any cause beyond the control of the party in default.

12. Should there be any disputes which remain unresolved, USJ-R and ARIELUS agree to seek relief in the
proper courts of Cebu City only.

D. Intellectual Property Rights

All rights in any data, information, specifications, records, reports, techniques, methodologies, and drawings
whether recorded on paper or in electronic form, and models, all resulting from performance of a project shall be
the property of ARIELUS. Each trainee wil] assign copyright, patent rights and any other intellectual property
rights in the same to ARIELUS and, at the cost of ARIELUS, to do all acts and sign all documents necessary to
vest or more securely vest in ARTELUS the intellectual property rights.

E. Duration

This agreement shall take effect immediately upon signing hereof and shall continue thereafter, provided,
however, that any provision of this BOTeCiien hiay fe ardencded bes on fedhs 3 OO PO so aa

Was.

