FULL SALE _—

GigaBook

Full Scale University Partnership Agreement

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

‘This Partnership Agreement is made as of the 27% day of September, 2022, entered into by
and between:

UNIVERSITY OF SAN JOSE - RECOLETOS, a higher education institution duly
organized and existing under the laws of the Republic of the Philippines, with office
address at Magallanes St, Cebu City, herein represented by its Authorized
Representative, Rev. Fr. Eduardo 8. Celiz, Jr., OAR (hereinafter referred to as the
Partner Educational Institution or “Partner University”);
and

GIGABOOK INC., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of
‘the Republic of the Philippines, with office address at 14F HM Tower IT Park, Barangay
Lahug, Cebu City, herein represented by its Autharized Representative, Rodolfo Nacu
Jr. (hereinafter referred to as the Company/Industry Partner or *Company”);

Individually referred to as “Party” and collectively as “Parties.”

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Company aims to augment its recruitment efforts by scouting for
young talents who aspire to become software developers, to promote mutually
supportive academe-industry collaboration and linkage, and to engage in corporate
social responsibilty by providing both students and faculty members mainly with
opportunities for industrial training,

WHEREAS, the University aims to enhance its current degree programs and tailor
its offerings to the needs and trends of the Information Technology industry, to provide
career guidance and opportunities to its students so that they may apply the relevant
knowledge and skills they acquired from formal education to the actual work setting, to
increase its employment rate by having its graduates prioritized in the full-time
‘employment opportunities offered by its industry partners, and to maintain a
harmonious collaboration and linkage with its industry partners.

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing premises and conditions
and stipulations hereinafter set forth, the parties mutually agree as follows:

1. NATURE

1.1 The University Partnership Agreement shall set grounds and guidelines for

“the partnership between both parties. Any revisions made to the provisions of this

Agreement shall be in writing and must be discussed, reviewed, and mutually agreed
‘upon by parties before the amendment.

a
FULL SCALE @twae

BigaBook

DURATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP

2.1 The partnership shall take effect from September 27, 2022, until September
27, 2025, provided that any revisions of the provisions of this Agreement or any
‘additional provisions to this Agreement shall be amended by the written consent of both
parties, Both parties have the right to terminate the partnership agreement through a
‘written notice at least 30 days (1 month) prior to the effective date of termination.

3. PROGRAMS

‘The Company and the University shall undertake to collaborate and participate
in the following activities and programs that will contribute to the accomplishment of
‘the goals and objectives of the partnership.

3.1 Internship Program

‘The Company's internship program generally matches the requirements and
policies of the University for their practicum/on-the-job training (OJT)/internship
course and is open for applications all year round. However, the Company's internship
program is tailored to cover a minimum of 300 hours of in-depth training for software
engineering. There shall be a separate Internship Agreement between the student of
the University and the Company wherein provisions outline the nature and duration of
the program, as well as the benefits the student will be receiving and the policies the
student needs to comply with.

‘There is no employer-employee relationship between the Company and the intern
{or this internship program. Furthermore, the Company is not obligated to hire the
intern for full-time employment. The Company has the discretion to, oMfer full-time
‘employment to the intern based on the intern’s performance evaluatiort,

3.2 Fast Track Program
Upon the discretion of the Company, student interns who have successfully
completed the internship program with the Company may be offered a full-time regular
Job opportunity, with a continuation of their training for software development
prior to deployment to projects and clients. The training period will already be
considered their probationary period as full-time employees. After the dissemination of
the offer letter, the student intern will have the Fast Track Offer Discussion with the
Company's University Relations Coordinator for proper orientation and signing of the
offer letter. A Fast Track Employment Contract will be given to the qualified intern on
his/her Day 1 as an employee of the Company. The signed contract officially initiates
the employer-employee relationship between the Company and the former student
intern, Thereafter, the University shall no longer be privy to the employment contract
‘and shall be relieved of any liability.

‘The Company has the discretion to offer full-time employment opportunities with
training under the Fast Track Program to graduating students or fresh graduates of
the Partner University who have shown exceptional technical assessment results and
feedback. The recommendations from the representative(s) of the Partner University wil
help the Company identify valuable talents.

Arbre
7 hy

FULL SCALE —

GigaBook

3.3 Scholarship Program

‘The Company's scholarship program is also open to applicants all year round,
preferably third-year or fourth-year level college students studying a tech related
dogree program (e.g. Bachelor of Science in Information Technology, Bachelor of
Science in Computer Sclence, Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering).
Recommendations from the representative(s) of the Partner University will help the
Company identify valuable talents. This scholarship program aims to award an
outstanding student with educational aid, graduation award, equipment, and full-time
‘employment after graduation provided that they maintain a good academic standing
without any failing grades. This full-time employment shall have a bonded contract
that depends on the length of the scholarship coverage. A separate Scholarship
‘Agreement shall be discussed and reviewed by the Company and the representatives of
the Partner University.

3.4 Career Fairs

‘The Company and the Partner University shall work together in Career Fairs
organized by either party.

3.5 Speaking Engagements

‘The University shall inform the Company and its representatives if they would
like to invite a speaker for their program or event. The Partner University shall send
fa formal invitation for the event at least 14 days before the actual event. Further
guidelines are outlined in Par. 5 (Duties and Responsibilities of she Partner University)

3.6 Industry Training and Consultations ~

‘The Company shall collaborate with the Partner University for possible training
or Faculty Immersion programs for its faculty members, especially those who woul like
to gain firsthand experience in the industry. In addition, the Partner University can
consult the Company for industry-related recommendations or review of their current
educational curriculum, and accordingly, the Company shall be open to participate in
these consultations and provide the necessary support (e.g. in-cash, in-kind, in-service)
to the Partner University.

3.7 Expert Educators

To further bridge the gap between the University’s educational curriculum and
the industry's current business trends, the Company may deploy its competent
‘employees to serve as educators and offer courses (i. core or elective courses) upon the
Partner University’s request. The Company shall have the right to select the employees
to be deployed to teach for the said course and shall ensure that these employees adhere
to the policies set by the Partner University and the Company. Further details about this,
arrangement will be outlined in a separate Agreement mutually agreed upon by both
parties.

Aige—
FULL SCALE —

GigaBook

3.8 Value-added Programs

‘Throughout the duration of the partnership, value-added programs that are
beneficial to the parties may be added. The Company and the Partner University shall
have a mutual agreement on the developments in the said Value-added Programs and
will be reviewing its practicality before its implementation.

4, DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE COMPANY
‘The Company shall:

4.1 Implement the university-related activities and initiatives previously described
in Par. 3 (Programs);

4.2 Assign a University Relations Coordinator to oversee programs and liaise with
the Partner University;

4.3 Discuss and review with the Partner University any changes or additional
initiatives made to the university-related programs through a scheduled
meeting, either face-to-face or virtual;

4.4 Send formal invitations through electronic mail (e-mail) or printed letter to the
Partner University for virtual or face-to-face meetings or events, containing
‘guidelines on the agenda/theme, date and time, things to prepare, and other
details;

4.5 Develop feedback and update mechanisms so the Partner University may be
informed of any developments in its university-related programs;

4.6 Adhere to the Partner University’s standards and rules and regulations in
relation to the university-related programs, events, and activities;

4.7 Accomplish the Partner University’s forms and documents that are necessary
for the seamless implementation of the university-related programs, events,
and activities;

4.8 Notify the Partner University of any breach of contract or agreement that was
committed by the student, faculty member, or the authorized representatives)
of the Partner University;

4.9 Issue true copies of certificates of completion to the students or faculty
‘members after completing a training program organized by the Company;

4.10 Orient the student or faculty member regarding the Contracts for the
respective benefits they are eligible to receive and for their responsibilities and
expectations set by the Company;

4.11 Pacilitate the processing of documents for the Contracts signed by the parties
involved;

Age
FULL SCALE —

BigaBook

4.12 Acknowledge in the form of written communication or receipts any material
or goods sent by the Partner University;

4.13 Send the sponsorship or donation (in cash or in kind) to the University in the
timeframe specified;

4.14 Identify and deploy speakers, panelists, judges, as requested by the Partner
University and provide the short biography or list of credentials of such
personnel to the Partner University;

4.15 Provide guidance and consultation services to the Partner University should
the Partner University need professional advice from its industry training
partners;

4.16 Make available to the Partner University any necessary documents as
identified during the course of the university-related programs, activities,
and events.

5. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE PARTNER UNIVERSITY
‘The Partner University shall:

5.1 Include the Company in the list of industry partners for the internship and
‘Scholarship programs which will then be made available for the students’
perusal;

5.2 Inform and orient the Company of its processes and necessary documents (c.g,
Memorandum of Agreement) for compliance in regard to:the University's
internship program/course;

5.3 Review and provide feedback to the Company regarding its Internship Training
Plan andthe Internship program;

5.4 Provide guidance to the Company on the performance evaluation of the
student interns of the Company;

5.5 Guide and monitor the student intern, scholar, or faculty member in their
collaboration with the Company for the benefits they are receiving;

5.6 Identify and pre-qualify students who are suitable for the programs of the
‘Company such as internship, Fast Track, and scholarship programs, and
then submit a list to the Company before the start of the new academic year;

5.7 Connect the Company with the University’s proper channels of
‘communication in regard to different student activities and programs that
the Company will be participating or organizing;

5.8 Send a formal invitation letter through electronic mail (e-mail) or printed
letter to the Company when the University or department is in need of a

a

FULL SCALE —

GigaBook

speaker or an authorized representative for a student program or event at
least 14 days before the event proper regardless whether it is virtual or
onsite, stating the theme, duration of the talk, rationale of the event, and
other important details pertaining to the event; and should the University
‘wish to invite the Company's U.S.A.-based founders and leaders for becoming,
speaker(s) at an event, the University should make the formal invitation in
‘at least 90 days ifthe said event is virtual and at least 120 days if the event
is onsite /face-to-face;

5.9 Send a formal invitation letter through electronic mail (e-mail) or printed
letter to the Company when the University or department is in need of
sponsorship of their event at least 14 days prior to the event proper, stating
the theme of the event, activities, type of sponsorship needed, sponsorship
packages (if any), and other important details pertaining to the event;

5.10 Receive and acknowledge donations and sponsorship amounts by signing the
‘Company's acknowledgment receipt;

5.11 Provide both soft copy and a physical copy of the certificates of participation
or appreciation to the invited employees of the Company as judge, speaker,
etc, and award these certificates during the event proper,

5.12 Follow the guidelines in the usage of the Company's logos and other forms of
‘media, materials, and properties for marketing purposes;

5.13 Schedule and meet with the Company either virtually or face-to-face for the
enhancement of the Company's university-related programs and activities;

5.14 Provide essential information, documents, and guidance t6 the Company as
needed for the enhancement of the Company's university-related programs
and activities.

6. NON-DISCLOSURE AND CONFIDENTIALITY

‘The Parties hereby acknowledge that any information or material that they have
‘or will acquire, in connection with or relative to the clients, business operations or
activities, its intellectual property rights, trade or business secrets, operations or
Processes are considered the exclusive proprietary information of each of the Party who
owns the same, and the Parties shall not make any unauthorized disclosure,
reproduction or use of the same, nor transfer this information to another person or
entity, during or after the duration of this Agreement.

‘The Parties shall not, without prior written permission of the Company, disclose
to anyone any information or material, which party may have received or acquired by
reason of the of this Agreement or for any transactions with the other party, its affiliates,
subsidiaries, business partners, agents, employees or clients.

At the end ofthe partnership, or at any time during the partnership when directed
by the Company, the Partner University will return all properties of the Company, its
affiliates, and subsidiaries, business partners, or vendors in the Partner University's
possession including all confidential information, data or material

4 i. —~
FULL SCALE —

GigaBook

Parties agree to comply and abide by the Republic Act No. 10173 otherwise known
as the Data Privacy Act. Parties shall be responsible for the consent and waiver of any
personal and sensitive personal information, its use, storage and deletion. Parties shall
hold each other free from any liability in case of breach of the Data Privacy Act.

This Non-Disclosure Agreement shall survive the termination of the Partner
University’s engagement with the Company and after the Partner University’s separation
therefrom for any cause whatsoever.

7. BREACH OF CONTRACT

Any violation of the above undertakings shall constitute a breach of contract and
entitle the Company to recover from the Partner University any actual and compensatory
‘damages, in addition to any other rights or remedies available to the COMPANY, under
the law oF this contract.

8. DATA PRIVACY

Collection and processing of personal information pursuant to, in the course of
or in connection with this Agreement shall be in accordance with the Data Privacy Act
‘0f 2012 (Republic Act No. 10172) and its implementing rules and regulations.

‘The Parties shall adopt the general data privacy and data sharing principles
declared in the Data Privacy Act of 2012 and its Implementing Rules and Regulations,
and adhere to the principles of transparency, legitimate purpose, and proportionality
‘the processing of personal data under this Agreement,

). DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND VENUE 4

In case of dispute, the parties will try to sétile it amicably befofe resorting to other
legal remedies. Exclusive jurisdiction and venue of suits arising from this agreement
shall be with the courts of the City of Cebu to the exclusion of other courts or tribunals.

10. AMENDATORY CLAUSE
‘This Agreement may be amended with the mutual written consent of both parties.

11, EFFECTIVITY CLAUSE

This Agreement shall take eflect upon signing by the parties to this Agreement
‘and shall remain in force unless any of the parties withdraws or pre-terminates this
‘Agreement through written notice 30 days prior to the intended date of termination.

‘This Agreement supersedes the previously executed Internship Agreement
between the Company and the Partner University if any.

Abped_
FULL SCALE cc

BigaBook

12. SEPARABILITY CLAUSE,
Should any provision of this agreement or any part thereof be declared invalid,

the other provisions, insofar as they are separable from the invalid ones, shall remain
in full force and effect.

IN WITNESS THEREOF, the Parties have hereunto affixed their signatures on the
date and place mentioned above.

PARTNER UNIVERSITY COMPANY
UNIVERSITY OF SAN JOSE-RECOLETOS GIGABOOK INC.

By:

Meo

REV. FR. EDUARDO 8. CELIZ, JR., OAR

‘Authorized Representative Representative

University President Head of Software Development

ID No.: (Passport) Poa 1266¢ ID No.: (Driver's License) 606-05.

904291

Date of issue: June 12, 2022 Date of issue: November 20, 2017

Place of issue: DFA Manila Place of issue: 710 Region 7 Office N.
Bacalso Avenue, Cebu City,

~ ‘Cebu, Philippines
WITNESSES:
DR. s ISABELLE PEREZ

Dean, of Computer Studies Recruitment-University Relations Leader
FULL SCALE _—

GigaBook

ACKNOWLEDGMENT

REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES)
CITY OF CEBU )SS.x
1

BEFORE ME, a Notary Public for and in the City OER COTY WEL AL! $067 of
2022, personally appeared

Sita ink comgeteat evkaouss of thntly ndcaind above, naa Tomo oo Ts oust

person who executed the foregoing instrument and they acknowledged to me that the

Same is their own free and voluntary acts and deeds and that of the institution

represented.

WITNESS MY HAND AND NOTARIAL SEAL on the date and at the place hereinabove
written,

Doc. No. 07
Page No. 20
Book No. xt

Series of 2001

amp ab mb Oy

Adee

