
d. Provide the student-trainees with regular feedback on their performance; and

e. Evaluate the students' overall performance upon completion of the training period;
3. Provide all necessary trainings to ensure that the student-trainees are equipped with the
knowledge, skills, attitude and values required for successful career development in the IT
industry;
4. Provide the necessary work tools and equipment for the students to perform their assigned tasks
and responsibilities effectively and efficiently. 1.
5. Agree that student-trainees are not employees of DEEPTHINKER SOFTWARE DEV. CO., and will
not be entitled to any benefits accorded to regular employees such as social security, gratuity pay,
holiday pay, vacation pay, sickness benefit or any other monetary benefits provided by law; 7
6. Agree to treat student-trainees fairly and in good faith and not to discriminate against them on the
basis of race, color, sex, religious or political affiliation, social origin or disability;
B. USJ-R shall:
a. Identify and recommend qualified students from its academic programs who meet the minimum
requirements set by DEEPTHINKER SOFTWARE DEV. CO.; 
b. Provide to DEEPTHINKER SOFTWARE DEV. CO. a detailed description of the CORPORATE
INTERSHIP PROGRAM, including but not limited to the following:

a. Objectives and goals of the program;

b. Schedule of activities (including training period, duration and evaluation);
c. Monitor and evaluate the performance of student-trainees during their internship;
d. Provide feedback to DEEPTHINKER SOFTWARE DEV. CO. on the progress of the student-trainees'
performance;
e. Furnish DEEPTHINKER SOFTWARE DEV. CO. with copies of academic records and recommendations
of students who participated in the program; 7
g. Agree to indemnify, save harmless and defend DEEPTHINKER SOFTWARE DEV. CO. from any claims or
actions filed by student-trainees for any reason or cause whatsoever arising out of their participation in
the CORPORATE INTERNSHIP PROGRAM; and
h. Provide DEEPTHINKER SOFTWARE DE