
We-are writing to request for the honor of having Christian Esguerra as a speaker in your university’s
activities or events. We believe that Mr. Esguerra’s expertise and experiences would greatly benefit
the students, faculty members, and other stakeholders in terms of understanding disinformation and
media literacy.

We hope you consider this request favorably. Kindly let us know your availability and we will provide
Mr. Esguerra with more information about the visit to ensure that it aligns with your institution’s goals
and objectives.

Thank you very much for your time and consideration. We look forward to hearing from you soon.

Sincerely,

[Your Name]
McLuhan Program in Culture and Technology
University of Toronto Scarborough
Corrected Version:

January 9, 2023

Rev. Fr. Eduardo S. Celia |
President f
University of San Jose*Recoletos
Cebu City

Dear Father President Celiz:

Happy New Year!

The Embassy is pleased to announce that this year's McLuhan Fellow is Christian Esguerra, an award-winning independent multimedia journalist and journalism educator. He hosts "Facts First," a popular online political talk show tackling burning issues in politics and governance, and is dedicated to an advocacy to combating disinformation. He was previously the anchor and managing editor of the hard-hitting political talk program, "After the Fact," on the ABS-CBN News Channel.

Mr. Esguerra began his career as a reporter with the Philippine Daily Inquirer in 2000 then joined ABS-CBN as a news correspondent and anchor in 2015. He teaches political reporting and journalism ethics at the University of Santo Tomas where he is also a researcher at its Research Center for Culture, Arts, and Humanities.

He was awarded the Marshall McLuhan-Fellowship in 2020. In 2019, he received the Award of Distinction from the Manila-based Center for Media Freedom and Responsibility, and the Titus Brandsma Award for Emergent Leadership in Journalism.

As part of the McLuhan Fellowship, he delivered a lecture in