=

PADAYON PUBLIC SERVICE OFFICE
UNIVERSITY OF THE PHILIPPINES

18 June 2019

REV. FR. CHRISTOPHER C. MASPARA, OAR
President
University of San Jose Recoletos
Corner P. Lopez and Magallanes St.
Dear President Maspara:
The University of the Philippines, through the Padayon Public Service Office of the Office of the Vice President for Public Affairs (OVPPA), will host the 3rd Colleges and Universities Public Service Conference (CUPSCon 3) on 16-18 October 2019 in UP Visayas City Campus Auditorium, Iloilo City.
CUPSCon aims to provide an effective platform which harnesses teaching and research for extension and public service, provides a venue for scholarly discussions on lessons and best practices for continuous improvement of public service initiatives, and documents innovative initiatives that highlight the social responsibility and commitment to public service of higher education institutions (HEIs). This year, the conference forwards the advancement of public service through academe-community partnership. CUPSCon 3 shall feature plenary and parallel sessions, as well as poster presentations on the various public service initiatives not only of SUCs and HEIs, but also of government institutions, and civil society organizations including NGOs, to establish possible partnerships between the SUCs and HEIs and the community in delivering relevant, strategic and sustainable public service. The Conference seeks to facilitate a productive exchange of ideas among SUCs, HEIs, NGOs and government institutions in creating various types of public service initiatives.
We are cordially inviting you and your faculty members, research staff, and students to participate in the conference. The registration fee for participants is PhP 3,000.00 inclusive of kits, certificates, snacks and lunch, but exclusive of transportation, accommodation, breakfast, and dinner. Aside from attending the Conference, we are encouraging your institution to participate by presenting your public service initiatives as well. Attached is the Call for Papers for your reference.
For further inquiries, you may contact Ms. Marielle Antonio through email at cupscon@up.edu.ph, via phone at (02) 981-85