



OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT


TO:		All Concerned					DATE: 	June 1, 2020

THROUGH:	The Deans, Directors, Principals, and Office Heads

SUBJECT:	University Guidelines under GCQ 


Given the declaration by Cebu City Mayor Edgardo C. Labella that the City shall be under General Community Quarantine (GCQ) from June 1, 2020 until June 15, 2020 unless sooner lifted or withdrawn, as mandated under IATF-MEID Resolution No. 41 dated May 29, 2020, please be guided of the following:

The University shall observe the minimum public health standards.  Everyone is urged to continue to comply with existing safety and precautionary measures to ensure health and safety.

A skeletal workforce shall be implemented.

Flexible learning modalities or strategies for the faculty shall be adopted in accordance with the advisories and guidelines issued by the Commission on Higher Education (CHED) and Department of Education (DepEd).  

For the non-teaching personnel, the scheme will be a blend of physical presence and work from home arrangement (WFH) to complete the required number of hours per week (42 hours). The office heads are required to submit the work schedule of their personnel to the Human Resource Management Office (HRMO).  At the end of the week, the heads are required to submit an accomplishment reports for the WFH output.

‘At risk’ workers and vulnerable groups, or those 60 years old and above, those with immunodeficiency, comorbidities or other health risks, pre-existing illness, and pregnant women are required to do WFH arrangement (Section 3C of Executive Order No. 079 Series of 2020).

Those employees living in areas identified as “critical zones” and “buffer zone” shall likewise be required to do the WFH arrangement until such area has shown a continuous decrease of cases and upon submission of a certification or doctor’s clearance.

To comply with the health protocols, no employee shall be allowed to enter the University premises from June 1 to 6, 2020 to pave the way for the disinfection and installation of protective plastic sheets for the offices.  The offices shall coordinate with the Campus Planning Office for their respective schedules on such installation.

The following precautionary measures in the workplace based on the standards prescribed by the Department of Health to prevent further spread of COVID-19 shall be followed:

Regular disinfection of the school premises.

A “One Entrance, One Exit Policy” shall be implemented.

All shall undergo a temperature check and are required to wear face masks at all times. We shall adhere to no mask, no entry policy. 

All are required to accomplish a Health Declaration Form.  If an employee has a temperature of 37.5°C or more, even after a 5-minute rest, or if his or her response in the questionnaire needs further evaluation by the clinic staff, the employee concerned shall be isolated in the holding area and will not be allowed to enter the workplace premises. 

Clinic personnel assigned to assess the workers held in the holding area shall be provided the appropriate medical grade personal protective equipment (PPE) including but not limited to face masks, goggles/face shields, and/or gloves.

An employee who manifests symptoms like sore throat, fever, dry cough, and influenza-like symptoms shall not be permitted to report to work.  He/She shall submit a medical certificate to the HRMO online as proof of illness.  Further, he/she may only be allowed to report upon submission of a medical certificate of fit to work online to the HRMO. 

An employee suspected of having COVID-I9 must follow DOH protocol and endorsed by the clinic staff to DOH.

Disinfection shall be done for equipment or vehicle entering the University, including facilities and touched objects, such as doorknobs and handles.

The personnel shall at all times wear face masks, observe physical distancing, hand washing, proper respiratory etiquette, and sanitation practices.  All personnel shall bring their hygiene kit containing alcohol or hand sanitizing gel.

Reconfiguration of classroom spaces, provision of markers in public places, and disinfection protocols shall be undertaken.

Mass gatherings are prohibited.  Employees are also discouraged to eat in communal areas and to engage in conversation, as well as prolonged face to face interaction with co-employees and clients/guests.Meetings needing physical presence must also be avoided.

The University shall continue to provide transportation services to prevent exposure of personnel to other commuters.

Before work resumption, employees shall undergo pre-conditioning by the Student Development and Placement Center (SDPC).

To carry out the mission of the Recollects, the University shall give the employees an avenue to share and pray together as a community through the conduct of online prayer meetings, group sharing and mini-Lectio Divina to be facilitated by the Campus Ministry Office.

Let us be one Josenian family in surmounting the challenges brought about by this COVID-19 pandemic.God bless us all.



						REV. FR. CRISTOPHER C. MASPARA, OAR
						University President


