 



OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT


TO:		All Concerned				DATE: 	September 1, 2020

THROUGH:	The Deans, Directors, Principals, and Office Heads

SUBJECT:	University Guidelines under MGCQ 


With the declaration of Cebu City Mayor Edgardo C. Labella that the City shall be under a state of Modified General Community Quarantine (MGCQ) from September 1, 2020 until September 30, 2020 unless sooner lifted or withdrawn, please be guided of the following:

The University shall continue to follow and abide strictly to the minimum public health standards in compliance with government’s declarations relative to Health Standards and Safety Protocols in line with the COVID-19 pandemic and the University “WORKPLACE HEALTH AND SAFETY CONTINGENCY PLAN” to ensure the protection of the health, safety, and well-being of learners, teachers, personnel, and other stakeholders.

A skeletal workforce shall be implemented.

As S.Y. 2020-2021 has officially started, the faculty shall adopt flexible learning modalities or strategies in accordance with the advisories and guidelines issued by the Commission on Higher Education (CHED) and Department of Education (DepEd).  

For the non-teaching personnel, the offices shall continue to operate at a maximum of 50% and the scheme will be a blend of physical presence and work from home arrangement (WFH) to complete the required number of working hours. The office heads are required to submit a work schedule of their personnel to the Human Resource Management Office (HRMO).  

Work Schedule and Entry of teaching and non-teaching personnel

A faculty may be permitted to use the facilities of the school especially in the conduct of online classes and other related activities provided there is an endorsement from the Dean or Principal and upon approval by the Offices of the VP-Academics and Property Administrator’s Office.  For other purposes not necessarily connected with the conduct of classes, the faculty concerned shall comply with the entry request guidelines of the Safety & Security Department (SSD).

Non-teaching staff shall strictly adhere to the work schedule submitted to the HRMO. An employee who is not on the list of on-site duty shall be barred entry in the campus.  In case a personnel needs to be on-site other than the on-site schedule, the employee shall comply with the entry request guidelines of the SSD.   

‘At risk’ workers and vulnerable groups, or those 60 years old and above, those with immunodeficiency, comorbidities or other health risks, pre-existing illness, and pregnant women are required to do WFH arrangement (Section 2A of Executive Order No. 089 Series of 2020).

The following precautionary measures in the workplace based on the standards prescribed by the Department of Health to prevent further spread of COVID-19 shall be followed:

Regular disinfection of the school premises.

A “One Entrance, One Exit Policy” shall be implemented.

All shall undergo a temperature check and are required to wear face masks at all times. We shall adhere to no mask, no entry policy. 

All are required to accomplish a Health Declaration Form.  If an employee has a temperature of 37.5°C or more, even after a 5-minute rest, or if his or her response in the questionnaire needs further evaluation by the clinic staff, the employee concerned shall be isolated in the holding area and will not be allowed to enter the workplace premises.  

Clinic personnel assigned to assess the workers held in the holding area shall be provided the appropriate medical grade personal protective equipment (PPE) including but not limited to face masks, goggles/face shields, and/or gloves.

An employee who manifests symptoms like sore throat, fever, dry cough, and influenza-like symptoms shall not be permitted to report to work.  The employee concerned shall submit a medical certificate to the HRMO online as proof of illness and may only be allowed to report upon submission of a medical certificate of fit to work. 

An employee suspected of having COVID-I9 must follow DOH protocol and endorsed by the clinic staff to DOH.

Disinfection shall be done for equipment or vehicle entering the University, including facilities and touched objects, such as doorknobs and handles.

The personnel shall at all times wear face masks as well as face shields in the workplace and in the transportation services, observe physical distancing, hand washing, proper respiratory etiquette, and sanitation practices.  All personnel shall bring their hygiene kit containing alcohol or hand sanitizing gel.

Reconfiguration of classroom spaces, provision of markers in public places, and disinfection protocols shall be undertaken.

Mass gatherings such as but not limited to sporting events, religious services, and work conferences shall be allowed provided that the participants shall be limited to 50% of the seating or venue capacity (Section 2H, E.O. No. 89, s. of 2020).  

Employees are also discouraged to eat in communal areas and to engage in conversation, as well as prolonged face to face interaction with co-employees and clients/guests. 

The University shall continue to provide transportation services to prevent exposure of personnel to other commuters.  

Employees are prevented from travelling by public transport in going to the campus during on-site work and highly encouraged to use alternative mode of travel such as bicycle, electric bicycle, or private motor vehicle. 

So as not to disrupt the transport accommodation, arrangement, and capacity in accordance with the protocols set by the Department of Transportation (DOTr), non-teaching personnel availing the transport services are required to strictly follow the work schedule submitted to the HRMO.  Should exigencies of the work require and entail an adjustment of the personnel availing the transport services, the Office Head shall inform the adjustment in the work schedule at least three (3) days before and must submit a letter request to Property Administrator’s Office (PAO) showing meritorious reasons therefore.
 
For the teaching personnel, those given the permission for the use of the school facilities, the Deans and Principals shall submit to PAO the necessary reservation form with a list of the faculty indicating the work schedule for the transport accommodation.  In case a faculty not on the list wishes to avail the transport services, the same shall be depending on the availability.    

The University shall continuously afford the following support initiatives and mechanisms:

The conduct of online prayer meetings, group sharing and mini-Lectio Divina to be facilitated by the Campus Ministry Office.

Pre-conditioning to be facilitated by the Student Development and Placement Center (SDPC). Office heads may refer to the SDPC an employee needing psycho-social support.

As one Josenian family, we pray for healing as we rise up from the challenges brought about by the pandemic. God bless us all.



						REV. FR. CRISTOPHER C. MASPARA, OAR
						University President



