
I have corrected the grammar in the provided text. Please see below:

PAASCU Standard on Licensure Examination Results

The performance of graduates in licensure examinations is one important indicator of the quality of academic programs delivered by educational institutions. For PAASCU accredited institutions, quality performance on licensure examinations means passing rates consistently at par or above the national passing rates over a number of examinations. For the computation of the school's passing rates and the national passing rates, only first-time takers will be considered.

Below is the standard regarding licensure examination results:
Institutions applying for Candidate Status must demonstrate the performance of first-time takers in all examinations during the last three (3) years should be at least at par with or above the national passing rate. Prior to the Formal Survey, institutions seeking for a reaccreditation status must also show that their performance of first-time takers in all examinations during the last three (3) years is at least at par with or above the national passing rate.

The passing rate of first-time takers should be consistently at least at par with or above the national passing rate for the last five (5) years. Failure to comply with these guidelines may lead to a decision not to grant the status applied for. For institutions seeking reaccreditation, said status is deferred. The deferral will be lifted once the performance of examinees in the future is at least at par with the national passing rate in two (2) consecutive years.

Computation of the school's passing rate:
Average Yearly Passing Rate = Number of Passers (First-Time Takers) for the year * Total Number of First-Time Takers for the year

Computation of the national passing rate:
Average Yearly Passing Rate = Number of Passers (First-Time Takers) for the year ** Total Number of First-Time Takers for the year

* Regardless of the Number of Exams in a Given Year
** Based on PRC ratings.
Board Approved: August 23, 2019