
e. Issue a performance rating of the student-trainees upon the expiration of their training period;

f. Submit to USJ-R the Certificate of Completion of Training when the student-trainee has complied with all
training requirements and has performed satisfactorily during the training period; and,

g. Attend to such other responsibilities that may be mutually agreed upon by TALLECO.COM, INC. and USJ-R

3. Provide USJ-R a list of its employees who are qualified to serve as Industry Supervisor with copies of their
respective NSO birth certificates and other necessary documents for employment verification and security check.

4. Arrange and provide appropriate work stations or office space for the student-trainees within their
facilities, provide training logbook and equipment, materials and other tools necessary for the on-the-job training
program of USJ-R.

5. Provide USJ-R with a copy of its Training Manual if any, which will be subject to review by USJ-R; and

6. Allow the student-trainees to wear their school uniform while undergoing on-the-job training in the
facilities of TALLECO.COM, INC.

B. USJ-R shall:
1. Nominate and recommend to TALLECO.COM, INC. students who are qualified for the Corporate
Internship Program. The list of nominees shall be submitted to TALLECO.COM, INC. at least one month prior
to the start of school opening;

2. Designate from among its faculty members an Academic Supervisor who will monitor and evaluate the
performance of student-trainees while undergoing training at TALLECO.COM, INC.;

3. Arrange for a conference with TALLECO.COM, INC.'s Industry Supervisor when a problem arises
with regard to the performance of the student-trainee;

4. Issue a Certificate of Acceptance and Completion to the students upon the expiration of their training period
and after they have complied with all training requirements and have performed satisfactorily during the training
period; and,

5. Submit to TALLECO.COM, INC. a list of its faculty members who are qualified to serve