
d. Provide feedback to the student-trainees on their performance and work output;

e. Monitor the academic progress of the students and report thereon to USJ-R.

3. Maintain a logbook for each student-trainee documenting his daily tasks, activities, performance, 
and feedback received from the Industry Supervisor;

4. Release the student-trainees upon completion of their required training hours and duly
evaluate them;

5. Provide to USJ-R a Certificate of Completion indicating the number of training hours rendered, 
the dates of commencement and termination, and any other pertinent information that may be
required by USJ-R.

B. USJ-R Shall:

1. Nominate qualified students from their respective programs for the Industry Linkage Program of
CITY OF CEBU;

2. Provide CITY OF CEBU with student-trainee’s academic records including his/her course outline, 
transcript of records and other pertinent information that may be required by CITY OF CEBU;

3. Maintain communication with the Industry Supervisor and provide feedback on the academic
progress of their students;

4. Assign a faculty adviser who will coordinate with the student-trainee, his/her parents or guardians 
and the Industry Supervisor;

5. Require student-trainees to secure written authorization from CITY OF CEBU before they can be
allowed to engage in any project work that may result in commercial gains for either party.

C. General Provisions:

1. Both Parties shall act in good faith and cooperate with each other in the implementation of this
Memorandum of Agreement;

2. This Memorandum of Agreement is entered into for an initial period of one (1) year from the date
hereof, unless extended by mutual agreement of both parties;

3. Neither party shall assign its rights or obligations under this Memorandum of Agreement without
the prior written consent of the other party;

4. In case of any dispute arising out of or in connection with the interpretation or implementation of 
this Memorandum of Agreement, both parties agree to settle amicably or through arbitration