This document has been generated from a scanned copy using CamScanner.

The provided text contains many grammatical errors and would need significant revisions to be corrected. Here is the corrected version:

UNIVERSITY OF SAN JOSE-RECOLETOSThe University of San Jose-Recoletos is pleased to offer you an appointment as a Part-time Faculty Member for the semester of SY 2023-2024, effective August 1, 2023. For satisfactory services rendered in this position, the university agrees to give due compensation, subject to the following conditions:

Comer P. Lopez & Magallanes Streets, Cebu City 6000, Philippines

SERVICE CONTRACT
Part-time College Faculty Member

You are appointed as a Part-time Faculty Member for the semester of SY 2023-2024, effective August 1, 2023. For satisfactory services rendered in this position, the university agrees to provide due compensation, subject to the following conditions:

+ The appointment is made on a semestral basis and is contingent upon very satisfactory performance.
+ The salary amount is based on the university budget and pay scale.

You are expected to abide by the policies, rules, and requirements of the University of San Jose-Recoletos. You agree to comply with administrative requirements such as class attendance, punctuality, documentation for submission of grades, and other requirements.

4. You agree to possess a personality and character that reflects the university's mission statement.

5. You commit to performing your duties to the best of your ability and in accordance with the standards set by the institution.
+ Ensure adherence to the Code of Ethics and Sanctions of the Faculty Manual to guide your conduct, protect your colleagues, and respect the integrity of all persons involved.

7. You agree to participate in the implementation, monitoring, and documentation related to the University Quality Management System (QMS) for continuous improvement and promotion of excellence in processes and academic services.

8. Your rate of pay shall be Php 202.09 per hour up to 12 pay periods.

As a part-time faculty member, please take note of the policies, Code of Ethics, and Sanctions