sc by

3.3 Scholarship Program

The Company’s scholarship program is also open to applicants all year round,
preferably third-year or fourth-year level college students studying a tech related
degree program (e.g. Bachelor of Science in Information Technology, Bachelor of
Science in Computer Science, Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering).
Recommendations from the representative(s) of the Partner University will help the
Company identify valuable talents. This scholarship program aims to award an
outstanding student with educational aid, graduation award, equipment, and full-time
employment after graduation provided that they maintain a good academic standing
without any failing grades. This full-time employment shall have a bonded contract
that depends on the length of the scholarship coverage. A separate Scholarship
Agreement shall be discussed and reviewed by the Company and the representatives of
the Partner University.

3.4 Career Fairs

The Company and the Partner University shall work together in Career Fairs
organized by either party.

3.5 Speaking Engagements

The University shall inform the Company and its representatives if they would
like to invite a speaker for their program or event. The Partner University shall send
a formal invitation for the event at least 14 days before the actual event. Further
guidelines are outlined in Par. 5 (Duties and Responsibilities of she Partner University).

me

3.6 Industry Training and Consultations —

The Company shall collaborate with the Partner University for possible training
or Faculty Immersion programs for its faculty members, especially those who would like
to gain firsthand experience in the industry. In addition, the Partner University can
consult the Company for industry-related recommendations or review of their current
educational curriculum, and accordingly, the Company shall be open to participate in
these consultations and provide the necessary support (e.g. in-cash, in-kind, in-service)
to the Partner University.

3.7 Expert Educators

To further bridge the gap between the University’s educational curriculum and
the industry’s current business trends, the Company may deploy its competent
employees to serve as educators and offer courses (i.e. core or elective courses) upon the
Partner University’s request. The Company shall have the right to select the employees
to be deployed to teach for the said course and shall ensure that these employees adhere
to the policies set by the Partner University and the Company. Further details about this
arrangement will be outlined in a separate Agreement mutually agreed upon by both

parties.
