EEE EEE ESS NOUT THE internship period;

5. Accomplish the necessary forms required by USJ-R in connection with the internship of the student-
trainees;

6. Issue certificate of completion to student-trainees who successfully finish their training under the
program;

8. Adopt and enforce rules that will govern the conduct of the program. Said rules shall be made known to
USJ-R and the student-trainees before the start of the training.

B. USJR shall:

|. Designate a Program Coordinator who will coordinate with ETCHWORKS regarding the various
activities/requirements under this program;

2. Pre-select and recommend Student who will undergo on-the-job training under the CORPORATE
INTERSHIP PROGRAM, it being understood that only students taking courses wherein on-the-job

training is an academic requirement for graduation will be recommended; :

Send the following student for on-the-job training from:

Laranjo, Frank Lou E.

Submit to the ETCHWORKS , the resume and all other documents required under this program, which
shall serve as the basis of the ETCHWORKS to screen, select and deploy specific students for Internship;

Go

4. Orient students about rules, proper attitudes, behavior and work ethics inside the internship site;

5. Monitor attendance, activities and performance of students during the internship program in the
ETCHWORKS;

attainment of advanced standing in the program throu gh regular interaction with the student-trainees and
regular visit to the internship site:

7. Undertake insurance policy to cover accidental j njuries to student-trainees.

8. Together with the parents concerned, USJ-R and the individual students, hold ETCHWORKS and »
claims or suit and shall forever defend ETCHWORKS and USJ-R from any such claim or
whatsoever in connection with this Memorandum of Agreement.

9. Agree to the obligations of confidentiality set out in details as follows:

a. All technical or commercial information, €.g., concerning the business of ETCHWORKS
disclosed or to be disclosed to USJ-R by or in behalf of ETCHWORKS in connection with this
agreement will be received and heldsin confidence by USJ-R and the student concerned unless

and until ETCHWORKS gives written approval for release of confidentiality;

b. USJ-R will take all reasonable hecessary steps to prevent disclosure of the technical or commercial
Information and other matters and drawings or other materials, to others and will not disclose the

! same to others without prior written consent from ETCHWORKS.
C. ETCHWORKS and USJ-R further agree that:

|. It is expressly understood that there will be no employer-employee relationship between ETCHWORKS
and the student-trainees of USJ-R:
