9. Be personally responsible for any and all liabilities for damage to property
or injury to third persons by reason of his/her intentional act or gross
negligence during the course of the training.

10. The presence of the FIRST PARTY in the company of the SECOND PARTY
during the internship would not constitute an employer employee
relationship.

11.Insurance for the duration of the Work-From-Home internship is not
necessary since the FIRST PARTY is expected to stay at his/her home
during the training hours.

B. The SECOND PARTY shall:

1. Formulate a supervised training plan for the student-trainees, in cooperation
with the assigned program coordination of the University:

2. The training hours must be within 8:00 a.m. to 9:00 pm, otherwise,
permission from the university is required along with the parent’s consent.

3. May deploy the FIRST PARTY to the different departments within the
company but the task assigned shall be done through Work-From-Home. In
no case shall the SECOND PARTY requires the FIRST PARTY to render
any work outside from his/her home during the duration of this
internship/training.

4. Specifically, the Training Partner shall expose the student-trainees to
learning experience on actual work operation related to the students
program of studies pursuant to the formulated training plan:

%. Assign personnel who will serve as a guide to students-trainees. The
Students will be assigned practical and related work along their area of
specialization which should not be hazardous or deleterious in nature.

6. Involve the student-trainees in activities and tasks to develop their attitude
and creative abilities to become professionals.
es
7. Accomplish necessary forms required in connection with the training of their
students. |

8. Enforce rules that will govern the conduct of the program in the premises.
Said rules shall be made known to the UNIVERSITY and shall be subject
to the UNIVERSITY’s approval prior the start of the training.

9. It shall be the obligation of the SECOND PARTY to see to it that the FIRST

TRA Ta, kllakn
