9. FPT SOFTWARE and USJ-R agree that the faculty who participates in the
PROGRAM shall remain employees of USJ-R and whatever employee
benefits due the faculty/ teacher shall be the sole responsibility of USJ-R:
likewise the employee/s who participate in the PROGRAM shall remain
employee/s of FPT SOFTWARE and whatever employee benefits due the
employee shall be the sole responsibility of FPT SOFTWARE.

6. FPT SOFTWARE and USJ-R agree that FPT SOFTWARE shall not hire
the faculty within three (3) years after the PROGRAM, unless there was
already an engagement established prior to the commencement of the
PROGRAM between the faculty of USJ-R and FPT SOFTWARE, likewise
USJ-R shall not hire FPT SOFTWARE employee under the same terms.

7. Notices. All claims, instructions, consents, designations, notices, waivers,
and other communications in connection with the Memorandum of
Understanding will be in writing and given at each Party's address as
above. Such notification will be deemed properly given [a] upon actual
receipt, if delivered personally or by an internationally recognized courier
service, [b] on the next business day from service thereof, if delivered by
facsimile transmission when the appropriate telecopy confirmation is
received; [c] on the next business day from the receipt of the electronic
transmission by the server of the recipient when transmitted by electronic
email.

8. Dispute Resolution. The parties agree that if any dispute arise out of or in
connection with this Memorandum of Understanding, including any
question regarding its existence, validity or termination, the Parties agree
to settle the issue first by arbitration exclusively before the courts of Cebu
City, Philippines, prior to filing any action in court or quasi-judicial body.

Y. No Waiver. No provision of the Memorandum of Understanding will be
considered waived unless such waiver is in writing and signed by the Party
that benefits from the enforcement of such provision. In addition, a waiver
of any breach or a failure to enforce any term or condition of the
Memorandum of Understanding will not in any way affect, limit, or waive a
Party’s rights under the Memorandum of Understanding at any time to
enforce strict compliance thereafter with every term and condition of the
Memorandum of Understanding.

10. Governing Law. ThisMemorandum of Understanding should be construed
and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Philippines.

.

EFFECTIVITY

This Agreement shall take effect upon the signing hereof by the parties and
shall be valid and in force for a period of 5 years from the effectivity, unless FPT
SOFTWARE or USJ-R for any material and reasonable cause, terminates this
Agreement by giving the other party a written notice and upon the showing of a
material and reasonable breach of any obligation hereunder within SIXTY (60) days
before the intended date of terminatinn | ikaujien CDOT OCNMOETAIADS ..tini im
