E. Data Privacy

I.

In case any personal data should be involved, WESERV shall process any personal data held in
connection with this Agreement solely for the purpose of fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement.

The parties agree that USJR will be the Data Controller and WESERV will be the Data Processor. As

_ data processor, WESERV shall only process personal data in strict accordance with the instructions of

USJR and will ensure that all Personal Data will be protected in accordance with the standards imposed
by Republic Act 10173 otherwise known as the Data Privacy Act of 2012 and its Implementing Rules
and Regulations and other relevant laws.

In turn, USJR warrants that all personal information of the Students submitted to WESERV is
compliant with the applicable provisions of the Data Privacy laws and that it has obtained the necessary
consent from the Students. Moreover, USJR warrants that it has retained proof of these consents and
these may be provided to WESERV upon request.

F. Assignment

USJR shall make no assignment of any of its rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement without
WESERV’s prior written consent which consent may be withheld by the WESERV in its sole and
absolute discretion. 7

G. Liability and Indemnification

I.

In consideration for WESERV allowing the Students of USJR to participate in the Program, USJR
voluntarily assumes all risks of accidents, injury and damage brought about by the Student’s willful
misconduct, fault or negligence to WESERV and hereby releases WESERV, its employees, agents and
officers from every claim, liability and demand of any kind.

USJR shall defend, indemnify and hold WESERV, its officers and employees harmless and shall
answer for any claims, liabilities, losses, damages, costs or expenses, act or omission, death or personal
injury or loss or damage to the property of WESERV that are arising out of or in connection with the
Program subject of this Agreement;

USJR shall be personally responsible for any illness or injury sustained and any illness or injury
sustained by others over the course of the Program subject of this Agreement due to the failure of the
Student to observe and follow WESERV’s company policies, rules, regulations and safety procedures.

In this light, USJR shall hold WESERV free and harmless and shall waive any demand, claim or

complaint, whatsoever arising from this Agreement;

The responsibilities under this Section shall continue to remain the responsibility of the Students and
USJR even after the termination of this Agreement, if such losses or damages were incurred during the
effectivity of this Agreement.

ns

For clarity, USJR shall include any teacher, personnel or any person affiliated with USJR in their
personal or professional capacity;

G. Duration

This Agreement shall be effective immediately upon signing until March 25, 2019. arene the
parties may terminate this Agreement:

ef

2.

At any time by providing at least thirty days’ written notice to the other;

If there is a material violation of the terms and conditions that warrant a cancellation of this Agreement.

BS eS,
