C. DNI and USJ-R further agree that:

I. It is expressly understood that there will be no employer-employee relationship between DNI and the
student-trainees of USJ -R;

2. Under no circumstances shall Student-trainees of USJ-R, look to DNI as employer, partner or agent.
Neither student-trainees of USJ-R, shall be entitled to any benefits accorded to company’s employees,
such as worker’s compensation, vacation leave, among others. DNI shall be responsible for providing,
at its expense and in its name, licenses and permits usual or necessary for conducting the training.

3. The student-trainees will be personally responsible for any and all liabilities for damage to property or
injury to third persons, which maybe occasioned by their intentional or negligent acts while in the
course of their training;

4. The student trainees and the USJ-R Program Coordinator shall abide with DNI rules and regulations
and comply with those imposed under the program, otherwise they shall be excluded from further
participation:

5. DNI reserves the right to discontinue the on-the-job training of any student-trainee upon prior notice to
USJ-R;

6. USJ-R may pull out any student-trainee from the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM upon
prior written notice to DNI.

7. Before the student shall be allowed to undergo the on-the-job training under this contract, the student,
of legal age, shall execute a waiver renouncing and waiving any claim against DNI and USJR for any

8. The trainee shall hold DNI and USJ-R free and harmless from any suits whatsoever in connection with
this memorandum.

9. DNI reserves the right to discontinue the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM on material and
reasonable ground upon a receipt of (15)-day written notice to USJ-R.

10. That both parties shall exert all efforts necessary to achieve the objectives of this joint undertaking;

11. That neither of the parties shall be liable in any way for the failure to observe or perform any provision
of this agreement if such failure shall be caused by any law, rule or regulation of any constituted public
authority or shall be due to any cause beyond the control of the party in default.

12. Should there be any disputes which remain unresolved, USJ-R and DNI agree to seek relief in the
proper courts of Cebu City only. :

D. Intellectual Property Rights

All rights in any data, information, specifications, records, reports, techniques, methodologies, and drawings
whether recorded on paper or in electronic form, and models, all resulting from performance of a project shall
be the property of DNI. Each trainee will assign copyright, patent rights and any other intellectual property
rights in the same to DNI and, at the cost of DNIL, to do all acts and sign all documents necessary to vest or
more securely vest in DNI the intellectual property rights.

‘ag

E. Duration ly

This agreement shall take effect immediately upon signing hereof and shall continue thereafter, provided,
however, that any provision of this agreement may be amended by after a fifteen ( 15)-day written notice and
consent by both parties, herein and provided further that DNI or USJ-R reserves the right to withdraw its

participation in the agreement upon thirty (30)-day written notice and upon the mutual consent of the parties.

se NO RR Fe
