6. Provide USJ-R with a copy of the school’s Corporate Profile, photocopy of
the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) registration certificate,
Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR) certificate, including certification of
accrediting bodies/organizations, and the like for reference purposes.

7. Finally, the Industry Partner commits not to solicit, recruit or hire, or
otherwise assist anyone in soliciting, recruiting, or hiring any employee or
independent contractor of USJ-R within the period that the MOA is in
effect or any extension thereof.

MISCELLANEOUS

Due Diligence

The Industry Partner shall be responsible in ensuring and maintaining a safe
workplace and respectful learning environment for interns;

The students shall exercise due diligence and care in handling company equipment,
materials, resources, or any other property of the Industry Partner which they may
handle or use in connection with their internship. For this purpose; WSJ-R shall ensure
that the students are properly briefed, reminded, and advised on the proper handling
and use of the same;

The students shall be personally liable for any cost, loss, damages, liability, or expense
which may arise out of their performance of services to the Industry Partner;

USJ-R shall not be liable for any cost, loss, damages, liability, or expense, which may
arise out of the students’ performance of services to the Industry Partner;

and

The Parties agree to release and hold harmless each other and their respective
Officers, Board of Directors, and employees, from all claims, actions, causes of action,
suits, judgments, and demands of any third-party individual or organizations.

Both Parties shall ensure confidentiality of records/ personal information in reference to
Republic Act No. 10173 also known as “Data Privacy Act of 2012, its Implementing
Rules and Regulations, related issuances and applicable laws”. These records shall
only be used for placement and training purposes alone. The Parties agree at all times
during and after the terms of this MOA, to keep in strictest physical, organizational, and
technical measures and to take all reasonable precautions to prevent its disclosure or
misuse. Parties and any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, and
representatives shall hold all Confidential and Personal Information disclosed to it by
reason of this MOA confidential and private and shall not disclose anv such information
