3. The obligations imposed by this clause shall not apply to any information that
(A) is placed in the public domain by the EY GDS by affirmative action and not
by inadvertence, (B) is independently developed by the Educational Institute
without access to such Confidential Information, or (C) is approved for release
in writing by an authorized representative of the EY GDS.

4. In the event Educational Institute receives any validly issued administrative or
judicial process or request from any governmental or tax authority requesting
disclosure of Confidential Information, it shall provide prompt notice to the EY
GDS of such request to enable EY GDS take suitable steps to protect its
Confidential Information.

5. Without EY GDS’ prior written consent Educational Institute shall not in any
manner disclose, advertise or publish the existence or terms of, or activities
under this MOU.

6. The terms and conditions of this Clause VII shall survive termination of this
MOU.

The provisions of this clause VII are binding on both Parties.

Vill. WARRANTIES AND INDEPENDENCE

a) Educational Institute represents, warrants and undertakes, as of the date of this
MOU, that:

1) Entering this type of agreement is in the ordinary course of the Educational
Institute’s engagement with organizations such as EY GDS;

2) The representative executing this MOU on behalf of the Educational Institute
has the legal right and full power and authority to enter into and perform this
MOU, which when executed shall constitute a valid and binding obligation of
the Educational Institute;

3) During the Term of this MOU, none of the Educational Institute’s directors,
officers or direct or indirect substantial equity owners and none of the
individuals with significant responsibility in the business relationship with EY
GDS contemplated herein shall be a partner, executive officer, member of the
Board of Directors, or a direct or indirect substantial equity owner (or otherwise
with control), of any audit client of an EY Member Firm. For the purposes of this
clause, a person or entity shall be deemed a "substantial equity owner" of an
entity if he or it (i) is a general partner in such entity, if such entity is a limited
partnership; (ii) holds a 5% Or more direct or indirect equity interest in (or the
power, by contract or other relationship, to direct the affairs or management of)
such entity, if such entity is publicly-traded; (iii) holds a 20% or more direct or

indirect equity interest in (or the power, by contract or other relationship, to
LUpae direct the affairs or management of) such entity, if such entity is privately-held;
