EY

There shall be no consideration payable by either Party to the other for these activities
and each Party shall bear their own costs for the respective arrangements being made
by them.

VI. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

1.

Where EY GDS and Educational Institute share sensitive information and
material which are classified / patented / copyrighted by either of the parties,
the same should neither be shared nor be used for any purpose outside of this
intervention, without expressed permission from the other party. Whereas
materials and information with rights of the third party are used, the same can
only be used by either party otherwise only with expressed permission from the
right-holder.

Each Party shall continue to be the owner of its respective trademarks,
copyrights and all other proprietary rights and no party shall use any trademark,
logo or copyright of any other party without permission in writing of the party
who owns such proprietary rights.

3. There shall be no transfer of any intellectual property rights under this MOU.

The provisions of this clause VI are binding on both Parties.

Vil. CONFIDENTIALITY

Ty

During the tenure of this MOU, and prior to its execution during any discussions
between the parties regarding this MOU, Educational Institute may have
access to confidential information regarding ‘EY GDS,’ its associates and
affiliates and its client information. Educational Institute agrees (A) to maintain
in confidence all such information acquired from the ‘EY GDS’ (B) not to
disclose any such information to anyone except the Educational Institute
personnel authorized to receive it and third parties to whom such disclosure is
specifically authorized in writing by EY GDS, and (C) not to use the ‘EY GDS’s
confidential information for any purpose other than that for which it is disclosed.

Information considered confidential by EY GDS includes, without limitation
(“Confidential Information”): (A) Client reports/information, or third parties,
matters of a technical nature such as trade secret processes or devices, know-
how, data, formulas, inventions (whether or not patentable or copyrighted),
training materials, specifications and characteristics of products planned or
being developed, and research subjects, methods and results, (B) matters of a
business nature such as information about costs, profits, pricing policies,
markets, sales, suppliers, customers, employees, product plans, and marketing
plans or strategies, (C) other information of a similar nature not generally
disclosed by the EY GDS to the public, (D) confidential information of EY GDS
based on materials, books, prints, etc. accessible to Educational Institute or its
authorized representative.
