
University of San Jose-Recoletos
Cebu City, Philippines 6000


GUIDELINES ON RE-ENTRY OF EMPLOYEES AND READS IN THE
SCHOOL CAMPUS UNDER GENERAL COMMUNITY QUARANTINE




TRANSPORTATION FACILITY

Buses are deployed to pick up and send home employees/READS, to ensure their safety in going to school and returning home. However, physical distancing shall be observed. 
 
No door to door loading and unloading is allowed.  The passengers listed during the travel shall wait within the route travel of the bus.

Sending messages or texting the driver for a special favor or request is not allowed.

The driver shall regularly check the condition of the bus and the availability of hand sanitizers before every travel.  

All employees/READS can avail of the bus services.  To avail, he/she shall list his/her name in the form provided by the in-charge from the Property Administrator’s Office.

The in-charge from the Property Administrator’s Office will be the one to arrange the schedule of pick-up and unloading depending on the addresses of the employees and READS who wish to avail of bus services based on the list submitted.

Only the employees/READS listed for the trip can avail of the bus services at a particular time.  No chance passengers are allowed.

A Safety Officer of the Bus (SOB) shall be assigned in every bus. He/she is authorized to check the requirements, and is also given the authority to deny bus service when necessary to ensure safety based on the established protocols.

The driver, SOB, and passengers shall step on the footbath on the bus before proceeding to their seats.  

The driver and the SOB shall observe the same guidelines for employees/READS throughout the travel.

The Driver, SOB, and Passengers on the bus during every travel shall always wear face masks, observe physical distancing, proper respiratory etiquette, and sanitation practices. 

To implement the mandates on the minimum health safety standards in bus services, the following are the requirements during pick-up.
    	 a.   Name is listed in the list provided by the Property Administrator’s Office.
  	  	 b.   Wearing of face mask 
    	 c.   Certificate of Employment
     	 d.   USJ-R ID
     	 e.   Filled-in Health Declaration Form (Forms are available on the bus)           		
                      		Note: - Must submit Health Declaration Form for every entry in the campus.
                                		            -Borrowing of pens is strictly not allowed.
     	 f. Health Condition
            		a.    No fever (Body Temperature must be below 37.5°C)
                           b.    No flu-like symptoms
		c.    No diarrhea
	
Note: If the employee/READS is not feeling well, he/she must not report to on-site duty and seek medical attention from our medical-dental personnel through their virtual office. Notify the immediate head and the Safety Officer of the bus ahead of time so that they will not be expecting you.

No passengers can be dropped at any point on their way to USJ-R; however, passengers may be dropped at any point when going home.

14.  	All passengers shall disembark outside the back gate and shall follow the one entrance/one exit policy of the campus.   He/she shall step on the footbath and drop the filled-in Health Declaration Form in the box placed at the Triage before proceeding to the biometrics machine.  He/she shall sanitize his/her hands before using the biometrics machine. The Office of the Medical-Dental Services shall take the forms in the afternoon and do the necessary processing.
           Note:  The Health Declaration Form shall be under lock and key in compliance with the Data Privacy Law.

16.  The SOB shall facilitate the disembarking.  At least one-meter distance from each other shall be observed.    

17.   The pickup time shall be declared by the in-charge of the Property Administrator’s Office. It depends on the pick-up points of the passengers listed on that particular travel.  The passengers are expected to be ready at the declared pick-up point before the bus arrives. No waiting time shall be allowed.

18. The bus service shall have a 30-minute waiting time for going home. All buses are expected to move out not later than 5:00 pm.

19.  Passengers shall inform the Safety Officer of the Bus if he/cannot report to work ahead of pick-up time.



EMPLOYEES AND READS USING THEIR VEHICLES

The entry of employees and READS in the school campus shall be allowed, provided that He/ she shall:
subject his/ her vehicle for  wheels disinfection;
disembark from his vehicle and step on the footbath.
drop his or her Health Declaration Form in the box at the triage before proceeding to the parking area.

REPORTING TO OFFICE AND OFFICE DUTY

The employee/READS shall proceed directly to the biometrics machine before proceeding to the office where he or she belongs.  Talking in the lobby or corridors is highly discouraged, and physical distancing is required.

Employees and READS on on-site duty shall not wear the school uniform, but are expected to dress appropriately.

Every employee and READS on on-site duty shall adhere to the University Guidelines under GCQ.

The office head shall coordinate with the Campus Planning for the schedule of the disinfection of their office.

Going out of the campus to buy food or take lunch is strictly prohibited; however, food delivery is allowed.  The office concerned shall pick up the food at the back gate.

No employee/READS is allowed to go out of the school campus during office hours except those with official business.  But before going out, an approval must be secured from the office head who has the discretion to determine whether the employee/READS should be allowed to return to school; however, such discretion should be prudently exercised based on safety considerations.

Going out during lunch break for significant personal concern is allowed; however, to ensure the safety of everybody, he/she shall take undertime and go home after doing so.  A request shall be formally filed at the HRMO office before or after leaving the campus depending on its urgency.
