1. It is expressly understood that there will be no employer-employee relationship between AGuyI Know
and the student-trainees of USJ-R;

2. Under no circumstances shall student-trainees of USJ-R, look to AGuyIKnow as employer, partner or
agent. Neither student-trainees of USJ-R, shall be entitled to any benefits accorded to company’s
employees, such as worker’s compensation, vacation leave, among others. AGuylIKnow shall be
responsible for providing, at its expense and in its name, licenses and permits usual or necessary for
conducting the training.

3. The student-trainees will be personally responsible for any and all liabilities for damage to property or
injury to third persons, which maybe occasioned by their intentional or negligent acts while in the
course of their training;

4. The student trainees and the USJ-R Program Coordinator shall abide with AGuyIKnow rules and
regulations and comply with those imposed under the program; otherwise they shall be excluded from
further participation:

5. AGuyIKnow reserves the right to discontinue the on-the-job training of any student-trainee upon prior
notice to USJ-R;

6. USJ-R may pull out any student-trainee from the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM upon
prior written notice to AGuyI Know.

7. Before the student shall be allowed to undergo the on-the-job training under this contract, the student,
of legal age, shall execute a waiver renouncing and waiving any claim against AGuyI Know and USJR
for any personal injury or pecuniary loss that the students may sustain or suffer in the performance of
their duties and functions while under the on-the-job training. Meanwhile, if the student is not of legal
age, the said waiver should be signed by the student and parent or guardian. The waiver of the student-
trainees shall be submitted to AGuyI Know and USJR prior to the commencement of the training.

8. The trainee shall hold AGuyIKnow and USJ-R free and harmless from any suits whatsoever in
connection with this memorandum.

9. AGuylKnow reserves the right to discontinue the CORPORATE INTERSHIP PROGRAM on
material and reasonable ground upon a receipt of (15)-day written notice to USJ-R.

10. That both parties shall exert all efforts necessary to achieve the objectives of this joint undertaking;

11. That neither of the parties shall be liable in any way for the failure to observe or perform any provision
of this agreement if such failure shall be caused by any law, rule or regulation of any constituted public
authority or shall be due to any cause beyond the control of the party in default.

12. Should there be any disputes which remain unresolved, USJ-R and AGuyI Know agree to seek relief in
the proper courts of Cebu City only.

D. Intellectual Property Rights

All rights in any data, information, specifications, records, reports, techniques, methodologies, and drawings
whether recorded on paper or in electronic form, and models, all resulting from performance of a project shall
be the property of AGuyIKnow. Each trainee will assign copyright, patent rights and any other intellectual
property rights in the same to AGuylIKnow and, at the cost of AGuyIKnow, to do all acts and sign all
documents necessary to vest or more securely vest in AGuyI Know the intellectual property rights.

E. Duration

This agreement shall take effect immediately upon signing hereof and shall continue thereafter, provided,
however, that any provision of this agreement may be amended by after a fifteen (15)-day written notice and
consent by both parties, herein and provided further that AGuyI Know or USJ-R reserves the right to withdraw
its participation in the agreement upon thirty (30)-day written notice and upon the mutual consent of the parties.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereof have signed this Agreement on this day of

in : City.
